Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing   
Senate leaders need to work for the good of the American people, not seek out political points. 
Watch President Obama and  Jason Furman discuss the positive gains the American economy has made. 
Here are 16 broken records we shouldn't be proud of. 
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the  Truth Team  
Another record broken  16 months in a row of undeniable, record-breaking heat.
 
Happy  
We can't sit idly by. Climate change is likely to threaten our national security—we must act now.… 
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the bench—even some Senate leaders who are now blocking his hearing have agre… 
Senate leaders' blind obstruction of Judge Garland's nomination sets a dangerous precedent. We can't stand idly by. 
Enough of the shameless partisanship, Senators.  and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
Help keep the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing before their next recess.  
The American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest possible rating. He deserves a hearing and a vote.… 
"Their right to inherit a healthy planet is a sacred responsibility." —President Obama  
Communities are already experiencing the effects of climate change—we can't afford not to act. Take a look … 
As the  meets, take a look at the progress we've made thanks to American leadership in the world. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the 71st Session of the United Nations General Assembly.  
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement in New York. 
President Obama commemorates  in an address to  
Senate leaders are putting politics above their basic responsibility to hold a hearing for Judge Garland.  
Six months is long enough, senators. It's time to  and give Judge Garland a hearing. 
 Friendly reminder for Senate leaders on  
The Supreme Court should remain above partisan politics, Senator.   
Progress starts with a conversation. Make sure you have the facts to get yours started   
When we protect our lands and waters, it helps us protect our climate for future generations.  
"There is no 'election year' exception in Article II." Sen. Leahy calls on senators to give Judge Garland a hearing  
President Obama just made history by protecting nearly 5,000 square miles off the New England coast.  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the 2016 Our Ocean Conference.  
 BREAKING   will designate the first-ever marine monument in the Atlantic Ocean 
 
We need nine justices for a fully functioning Supreme Court—and editorial boards across the country agree. 
 . on  "The time for silence is over." 
We can't let Senate leaders ignore their constitutional responsibilities.   
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the  Truth Team  
The U.S. is on track to hit two million solar installations within the next two years. Momentum is building  
Time is almost up for Senate leaders to do the right thing and fill the  vacancy.  
Median household income  ⬆
Poverty rate  ⬇
Uninsured rate  ⬇

Middle-class economics works. 
In 2015, we saw the fastest household income growth on record and the largest drop in the poverty rate since 1968. 
 Fastest household income growth on record ✓ 
 
Largest drop in poverty rate since 1968 ✓ 

 
The Supreme Court must remain above partisanship. Senate leaders  The time to fill the vacant seat is now. 
ICYMI  This is a really big deal. 
Vice President Biden speaks on the "dangerous precedent" Senate leaders are setting by refusing to do their jobs. 
These are records we can't keep breaking. We must work together to  
Meaningful action on climate change can't wait. President Obama explains why in this  interview. 
We need to keep up efforts to fight climate change at every level—locally, nationally, globally.  
 BREAKING  A new strategy to harness the power of wind means more jobs, less pollution   
Senate leaders are back in session. Keep the pressure high—call out their obstructionism.  
There's no need to overcomplicate the process.  
We must take bold steps now—climate change is already impacting millions of people.  
Congress is back, and they have important work to do before their next recess. Make sure you say where you stand  
 "Every nominee, including Kennedy in an election year—got an up or down vote" — on serving as Senate Judiciary Chairman or R…
Stay in the loop with important facts. Join  Truth Team   
Rising sea levels are already flooding homes and roads along America's coasts. The time to  is now. 
Fewer Americans are uninsured than ever before, thanks to  
Congress is back from recess. Help put the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a hearing   
The process is clear. The Supreme Court and American people are waiting for Senate leaders to get to work. 
Senate leaders have 32 days before their next recess to give Judge Garland a hearing and a vote. Call them out now  
The Paris Climate Agreement is a big deal in the fight against climate change—and now, a big step closer to reality. 
The United States is leading the way in the fight to  
Conservation not only protects diverse lands and species, it's also an important part of battling climate change. 
"When we protect our lands, it helps us protect the climate for the future." —President Obama  
President Obama has a message for America's workers today—check it out    
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the labor movement that helped build this country. 
 It's official  The U.S. and China have entered into the   
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs. 
When Americans stand together, there's no challenge too great to solve—not even climate change.  today  
Unemployment  ⬇
Deficits  ⬇
Uninsured rate  ⬇
Jobs  +15.1 million 
It's been a long road, but we're far better off than we were eight years ago. 
The economy added 151,000 jobs in August—extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.
Senate leaders return from recess next week. They need to get to work on a vote for Judge Garland—say so.  
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs. 
 "There's no conflict between a healthy economy and a healthy planet." —  
Stay in the loop with important facts, brought to you weekly. Join  Truth Team  
Senate leaders need to hear you expect a vote on Judge Garland when recess ends—say you'll let them know   
We can't afford to have a Supreme Court that's short-handed. Here's why  
The American people need their legislators to be dedicated to solutions, not obstruction.  
Senate leaders have a job to do—join the thousands reminding them when they reconvene next week.  
 . cannot do it alone. Congress must act to enact a fairer federal sentencing system   
Summer's almost over, Senate leaders.  
Have meaningful, fact-based conversations. Join OFA's Truth Team   
Show off your pride in this movement—grab your Organizing&amp; tee   
Senate leaders must put country before party politics. Read why it's time to give Judge Garland a vote. 
It's not too late for Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and up-or-down vote. Say you agree. 
Obstruction—especially when it comes to the Supreme Court—is nothing to be proud of,   
President Obama continues his track record of protecting millions of acres of federal land and water. Take a look  
Speaking up is the first step. Let's build on our progress one conversation at a time.  
Say you'll continue the fight to make gender equality a reality in America   
We've come a long way, but there's still more to do to make sure women are truly treated equally.  
Organize for change in your community, and look good doing it.  
"These are our American cathedrals, and they belong to you." —Jonathan B. Jarvis, director of the  
Happy 100th birthday,  Here's to the next 100.  
 . 💯 bday is a great time to look to next century—connecting all Americans to parks &amp; conservation.SJ h…
We need nine Supreme Court justices. The Senate needs to do its job and vote on Judge Garland   
This is nothing more than shameless partisanship. The Supreme Court should be held in higher regard.  
Get important news delivered straight to your inbox—join the  Truth Team  
Rhode Island just built America's first offshore wind farm, which will create clean energy and fight climate change. 
America's leadership in the fight against climate change pays off in more ways than one.  
 "What I want the people of Louisiana to know is this—you’re not alone."—  
We can't wait any longer to restore our Supreme Court to full capacity. Tell Senate leaders  It's time for a vote. 
The Supreme Court isn't some partisan football to be kicked around. Senate leaders should stop treating it like one. 
Read why the Supreme Court needs nine justices, not shameless partisanship. 
Get the facts. Cut through the noise with the  Truth Team   
"We’ve protected more than 265 million acres of public lands and waters." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the 100th anniversary of the  
Another record broken.  
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now  
Climate change is not too big of a challenge to solve. We're making good headway.  
“Each month just gives another data point that makes the evidence stronger that we’re changing the climate.” 
Fifteen months in a row of record-breaking heat is a signal that can't be denied  We need to  
Get the facts, not the fluff—join the OFA Truth Team  
Carry what you need while organizing for change.  
New standards for heavy-duty trucks will cut 1.1 billion metric tons of carbon pollution through 2027. 
Call on Congress to  Add your name to support common-sense gun legislation  
We shouldn't accept this as normal.  
Doing nothing won't stop our country's gun violence epidemic. Congress must act to  
 Here's how today's new actions will spur innovation and promote more efficient vehicles   
We’re taking important steps to help guarantee the basic security of paid family leave.  
Senate leaders must stop obstructing our Supreme Court. Take a stand and show your support.  
Reminder  It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees.  
Today, thousands of young DREAMers are able to fully contribute to our communities and our economy. 
Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. Add your voice and show your support   
It’s not too late. Senate leaders can still make this right and give Judge Garland an up-or-down vote. 
Editorial boards around the country agree  Our judicial system is too important to be used as a political football. 
"There's no doubt that America has become a global leader in the fight against climate change." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses progress made in combating climate change—and what's left to do. 
Let's be clear  Senate leaders are playing political games with the Supreme Court.  
The Clean Power Plan will improve the future health and well-being of our children and families.  
Not long ago, women could be charged more for health insurance—for being women. There's more to do   
Equality isn't a zero-sum game. 
Five months is long enough. It's time for a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. 
Senate leaders continue to obstruct a full Supreme Court and it must stop—add your name if you agree   
Read what major news outlets are saying about the critical need for a fully functioning Supreme Court  
20 million more insured ✔️ 
15 million new jobs ✔️ 
A global climate agreement ✔️ 

Let's keep it going  
Don't let misinformation go unchallenged. Join the  Truth Team and get the facts to fight back  
Being cynical is easy. It's having hope in the face of adversity that's hard—but essential. 
Grab one of these for all your progressive organizing travels.  
Don't let the cynics win. Keep pushing for change with  
We've accomplished so much as a movement—and it's thanks to the power of organizing. 
Judge Garland has now waited 146 days. That's shameful—and irresponsible.  
Senate leaders are hamstringing our Supreme Court. This obstruction is unprecedented—and unacceptable   
Editorial boards from across the country have called on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
 Watch  and  share their favorite Olympic memories—and cheer on   
President Obama has done more to improve energy efficiency than any previous U.S. leader.  
Adding clean energy jobs is another way the U.S. is continuing to  
Show your support for bold action to fight climate change.  
Americans across the country agree that we need bold action in the fight against climate change.  
These extreme records aren't a fluke—climate change is largely caused by human activity.  
"Team USA reminds the world why America always sets the gold standard." —President Obama 
President Obama reflects on his experience as a feminist—and his hopes to continue building toward gender equality. 
 FACT  Wages are rising at the fastest pace in 7 years →   
Today's jobs report underscores what we know to be true  America's economy is the strongest in the world. 
This is a good thing for American workers and businesses—but there's more work to do. 
Our economy is continuing its comeback. Let's keep up the progress. 
The economy added 255,000 jobs in July—a record-breaking 77 months of private-sector job growth.
It’s President Obama’s last birthday in office—​d​on’t forget to sign ​the card. 
Keep that smile going strong. Wish President Obama a happy 55th birthday today   
Make President Obama's last birthday in office extra special. Sign the card    
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest steps forward in the fight to  
One last birthday as Organizer-in-Chief. Help make it a good one—sign the card now   
Birthday game  stronger. 
Wish President Obama a happy 55th.  
From the Clean Power Plan to the Paris Climate Agreement, the U.S. is leading the way in the fight to  
Don't sleep on this—the President's birthday is tomorrow. Sign the card now   
Today is the one-year anniversary of the Clean Power Plan—show your support in the fight to  
The Clean Power Plan will cut carbon pollution from power plants by 32 percent by 2030.  
Show President Obama some love on his 55th birthday—sign the birthday card.  
Step 1  Sign President Obama's birthday card. 
Step 2  Celebrate.  
Senate leaders are weakening our highest court by refusing to vote on Judge Garland.  
It has been a record-breaking 139 days since Judge Garland was nominated and still no hearing or vote.  
Supreme Court seats  9
Current number of Justices  8
Number of hearings/votes on President Obama's nominee  0

44 is turning 55. Celebrate—sign the card. 
Judge Garland should get a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote from the Senate. Speak out.  
The Supreme Court still needs a ninth justice, but Senate leaders are still refusing to do their jobs.  
55? May be time for some new material. Join  in wishing President Obama happy birthday.  
Keep up with the issues that matter to you. Spread the facts. Join the  Truth Team.  
"We all have to do our job. The President has done his. Senate Republicans must do theirs." — Biden  
🎶 Sign the card and wish President Obama a happy birthday. 🎶  
In the weekly address, retired Federal Judge Timothy Lewis joins  Biden to discuss the  vacancy. 
Before their obstruction of President Obama's nominee, these six senators voted to confirm Judge Garland. 
Add your name if you think the Supreme Court is no place for partisan political games   
It's been a record-breaking 135 days since President Obama nominated Judge Garland. The obstruction must end. 
Help President Obama celebrate his 55th birthday by signing  card today   
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now  
Wildfire seasons are getting longer, more dangerous, and more expensive. We need to do more to  
Fighting for progress never goes out of style. Get your  Classic Tee   
It's time to offer serious solutions on how to build on  progress—not take it away. 
We've made a lot of progress, but there's still more work to do. 
Thanks to  millions of Americans have gained the coverage they need. Say you're proud. 
Six years later, and Republican leaders still have no credible  alternative. 
It's the mark of the movement—wear it proud. Get yours today   
Judge Garland is a well qualified nominee. Senate leaders' refusal to even give him a hearing is unacceptable. 
Let's be clear   is working and helping millions of Americans. 
97 percent of climate scientists agree—climate change is real and man-made. Stand up for bold action   
It's easy to be cynical, but there's no challenge we can't overcome.  
Add your name if you think we need common-sense legislation to prevent gun violence.  
Actively ignoring this epidemic is unacceptable. Congress has to act.  
 Announcing the sequel to the  — "the most significant action this year" to reduce global warming  
Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
Restoring the Supreme Court to full strength must remain above Senate leaders' petty politics.  
The federal minimum wage hasn't been raised since 2009. $7.25 isn't enough to make ends meet—we need to 
"Our economy is stronger today than it was before the crisis." —President Obama 
In the weekly address,  joins President Obama to discuss economic progress and Wall Street reform. 
Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy  
A reminder for Senate leaders  Judge Garland has had strong bipartisan support in the past.  
Ida is one of the millions of people getting new opportunities to go solar and save money. Find out more  
Our economy is making real progress. 
By almost every economic measure, our economy is better off than it was eight years ago. 
America’s businesses have created more than 14 million new private-sector jobs over 76 straight months. 
For three years in a row, heat records have been broken across the globe. We have to  now. 
 FACT  Since  took office more than 50,000 workers have been trained to enter the solar industry  
Make your voice heard  The Senate must fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court.  
Today marks 125 days since Judge Garland's nomination—the longest time in history from nomination to confirmation. 
Editorial boards across the country are calling on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Read more  
The majority of Americans believe Judge Garland should get a fair hearing—add your name if you agree.  
Read President Obama's op-ed in the  on the need for Senate leaders to fill the  vacancy   
Happening now  President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge. 
Happening now  President Obama is delivering remarks at the Diplomatic Corps Reception. 
Tonight  President Obama joins a town hall discussion on communities and policing. Watch at 8 p.m. ET on  
Stay in touch with the latest news—join the  Truth Team   
Check out  Biden on the Supreme Court vacancy and Senate Republicans’ continued obstruction.  
Watch President Obama deliver remarks at the  service yesterday. 
President Obama is delivering remarks at an interfaith memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas. 
At 1 40 p.m. ET, President Obama will be speaking at a memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas. 
 "We stand united with the people and the police department in Dallas." — on last night's attack in  
 At 6 35pm ET,  will speak on the reports of police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota. Tune in  
Happy Fourth of July. 
"Just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world if we all lived a little more like Elie Wiesel." —President Obama
Watch President Obama share a  message in the weekly address. 
Millions of Americans believe the Senate should hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. Are you one of them? 
Nationwide, editorial boards agree that Senate leaders should get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. 
Chicago raising its minimum wage is another reminder  Congress needs to keep up and  for hard-working Americans nationwide.
Congrats to Chicago and all those who fought to  Boosting paychecks for hard-working Americans is the right thing to do.
Don't let the facts get drowned out. Join the OFA Truth Team today   
Since  passed, health care spending has been slowing—and the uninsured rate is down to an all-time low. 
Quick—you're running out of time to chip in before the fundraising deadline.  
We can do more than thoughts, prayers, and moments of silence. Add your voice to call on Congress to  
Stretch it out and get ready—the fundraising deadline is tonight.  
An overwhelming majority of Americans agree—Congress needs to act.  
Reach out and help build this movement—pitch in   
After Monday's  ruling, more unconstitutional restrictions on women's reproductive rights are falling. 
Add your name if you agree  Climate change is real and it's going to take global action to tackle it.  
A new historic goal in the fight to  
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention   
Enough has been enough for a long time. Congress needs to vote on sensible gun legislation now.  
Congratulations to D.C., and thanks to Mayor Bowser and the D.C. Council for fighting to  
"She outworked her rivals ... and became a role model to millions of Americans—including our two daughters." —President Obama on Pat Summitt
You don't need super powers to help push progress forward. Chip in today   
 Today we celebrate Stonewall National Monument &amp; all those who made the 1st LGBT monument possible.SJ  ht…
Today's  ruling reaffirms that every woman has a right to make her own reproductive choices. 
Say you'll keep fighting to protect a woman's right to make her own reproductive choices. 
The Supreme Court just struck down Texas' overly restrictive abortion laws—a win for women's reproductive rights. 
 This is a win for Texans &amp; women across the country who need access to abortion.   
Love only wins when people like you stand up and fight for it. Are you in?  
We must keep working toward an America free from discrimination against LGBT individuals.  
President Obama designates the first national monument honoring the LGBT rights movement.  
Wear your love with pride.   
"We can’t rest. We’ve got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance." —President Obama 
Marriage equality is one year old. But we still have a long way to go for full equality.  
Stand in solidarity with LGBT Americans—add your name.  
We've made enormous progress toward full equality for LGBT Americans. Let's keep it going.  
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the Stonewall Inn's significance and the ongoing push for progress  
Take a look   Biden discusses what 4-4 decisions—like yesterday's on immigration—mean for our country. 
From gun violence prevention to LGBT rights, this grassroots movement is fighting for progress. Show your support  
"Stonewall will be our first national monument to tell the story of the struggle for LGBT rights." —President Obama 
A few words used by leading legal minds to describe Judge Garland 
Phenomenal
Exceptionally bright
Fair-minded 
Think the Senate should give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your voice   
Because Senate leaders refuse to do their jobs, the Supreme Court cannot properly do its job.  
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention   
Congress  Listen to the millions of voices demanding a vote on efforts to reduce gun violence.  
Our immigration system is broken, and we need Congress for a long-term solution—speak up for  
 Watch →  on why today's  decision sets us back even further
on immigration reform  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about today's Supreme Court immigration ruling.  
We need more than moments of silence. We need action. And that's what's going on in the House now   
 Always the keeper of the nation's conscience at times of challenge and controversy. Thank you, John Lewis. 
 My colleagues &amp; I have had enough. We are sitting-in on the House Floor until we get a vote to address gun violence. 
The kind of obstruction we're seeing from Senate leaders is unprecedented.  
If you're one of the millions of Americans who believes Judge Garland should get a fair hearing, add your voice  
Judge Merrick Garland just received the American Bar Association's highest rating  
Say you support decisive action to tackle climate change.  
Clean energy is here to stay. 
"There's something sacred about this place." —President Obama on Yosemite National Park 
 Gun violence requires more than moments of silence. It requires action. In failing that test, the Senate failed the American peo…
Staying informed is too important leave to chance. Join the  Truth Team today   
Join  on a conference call to discuss efforts we can take to help reduce gun violence. 
Take a look at President Obama's interview with  on national parks, climate change and more. 
"To me, fatherhood means being there." —President Obama 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. 
In the weekly address, the President talks about setting examples for children in light of tragedies like Orlando. 
 "These parks belong to all of us. This planet belongs to all of us. It’s the only one we’ve got" — in Yosemite 
President Obama has taken unprecedented steps to protect our land and water for future generations. 
This week, people all over the world came together to stand with the LGBT community—take a look  
 Taking steps to reduce gun violence worth doing if it could save one life. But it could save far more. Finish this. 
 Today  &amp;  visited Orlando. Watch the President give remarks after meeting with the families of the victims  
 
 "In the face of hate and violence, we will love one another. We will not give into fear." — 
 At 1 30pm ET,  will deliver a statement on the tragic shooting in  Watch live  
"Minds open. Hearts change. America shifts." —President Obama  

Today,  in all 50 states. But millions of Americans are still fighting to end discrimination—join them  
This is how you Slow Jam the News   
 . and  Slow Jam the News    
Watch President Obama Slow Jam the News on  at 11 35 p.m. ET.  
Be proud of how far we've come—and continue to push for progress.  
Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing is pure politics.  
Your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court matters  
Senate leaders' politicization of the Supreme Court is "unconscionable."  
Love looks good on you. Wear it with pride    
This month and every month.  
Unemployment rate ⬇
Federal deficit ⬇
Uninsured rate ⬇ 
Watch as President Obama tackles four common myths about our economy. 
Former Energy Secretary  Why the  will make a difference in fighting climate change. 
 Together, we are stronger. Together we can change tomorrow. Stand with us   

"We pray that the greatest fighter of them all finally rests in peace." —President Obama 
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree  
It's time for Senate leaders to end the obstruction of our Supreme Court.  
Make sure you have all the facts—sign up to be part of the  Truth Team.  
This is the largest annual global increase in renewable power capacity—ever   
Watch  This is why people across the country have decided to  today. 
Gun violence takes too many lives in our country. Congress must do something about it—add your name if you agree  
This National Gun Violence Awareness Day, keep the pressure on Congress to act.  
The noise around gun violence is loud.
But we can be louder.
 
Join the thousands of people calling on Congress to do something about gun violence—add your name   
Gun violence takes far too many lives in America. Congress needs to act.  
 We cannot accept our level of gun violence as the new normal. We must take action to prevent this from happening again &amp; again.…
LAST CHANCE  Keep calm and enter before the midnight deadline.  
 June 2 is almost here!

How are you going to  tomorrow? 
Speak out against gun violence— tomorrow. 
Don't miss your chance to meet President Obama this summer. Enter before tonight's deadline  
 “Our deficits haven’t grown these past seven and a half years; we’ve cut them by almost 75%.” — 
This is progress—but there's still more work to do to make sure our economy works for everybody. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Elkhart, Indiana, highlighting America's economic progress. 
Tune in at 3 25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Elkhart, Indiana—seven years after his first visit. 
"Make the choice to do some good in the world." Watch Judge Garland speak to high school seniors at his alma mater  
You don't want to miss out on this opportunity—enter now before tonight's deadline.  
Suit up—enter for a chance to meet President Obama before the deadline.  
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree  
Because some Senate leaders won't do their jobs, the Supreme Court can't fully do its job.  
Share a laugh with President Obama—enter now for your chance.  
"Today, and every day, let us remember the servicemen and women we have lost." —President Obama 
"This Memorial weekend, I hope you’ll join me in acts of remembrance." —President Obama 
 It's graduation day at Niles West High School! Watch Judge Garland speak live at 1pm ET   
A new survey shows that the overwhelming majority of  customers are satisfied with their plans  
Join the  Truth Team and help set the record straight on issues you care about   
Enter now for the chance to get some pointers from the Commander-in-Chief.  
Stand up for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland  
Judge Garland 

Independent mind ✓
Highly qualified ✓
Has had bipartisan support ✓

Senate leaders   
Tell your friends you fist bumped President Obama—enter now for your chance.  
Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented.  
Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court—add your name if you agree   
Judge Garland was confirmed with bipartisan support in the past. He deserves a fair hearing.  
Get some face time with President Obama. Enter now for your chance to meet him   
If you think Senate leaders should do their jobs and fill the  vacancy, add your name now  
Don't pass this up—enter now   
"People want Senate to act on Supreme Court vacancy." See what editorial boards are saying   
Ever wished you could meet President Obama? Here's your chance.  
Judge Garland has one of the most impressive resumes of any Supreme Court nominee in recent history. 
You don't want to miss out on this chance. Enter today   
Editorial boards to senators   and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
President Obama did his job, now it's time for the Senate to fulfill its duties—say you agree   
On average, it's taken 67 days to confirm Supreme Court nominees since 1975.  
"This week my administration took a step to help more workers get the overtime pay they’ve earned." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses expanding  for millions of American workers  
This summer, you and a friend could meet President Obama. Here's how  
Check out editorials from across the country calling on senators to fill the Supreme Court vacancy   
Editorial boards across the country are telling Senate leaders   
Despite Judge Garland's qualifications, some Senate leaders still refuse to give him a hearing—speak out  
The uninsured rate just hit 9.1 percent—the lowest ever recorded. 
Don't miss this   
Thanks to the new  rule, millions of hard-working Americans will have more economic security. 
Stand up for middle-class workers—add your name to support the Obama administration's new  rule  
Marriage equality? Affordable health care? Or economic progress? Tell him in person   
 Today we're updating and strengthening  pay rules to make sure millions more Americans are paid fairly. 
Add your name if you support the Obama administration's new  rule that expands protections for millions  
LIVE   Biden is speaking about the economy at  headquarters in Ohio. 
This is a big day for millions of middle-class workers. 
LIVE  Senate Judiciary Democrats are holding a forum on Judge Merrick Garland. 
 BREAKING   is taking an important step on  to ensure your work is rewarded →  
Here's your chance  Tell President Obama what you're most thankful for—in person.  
Judge Garland's former clerks have a lot to say about his record, work-life balance, and more—take a look  
Senate leaders are continuing to obstruct a fair hearing for Judge Garland—help put the pressure on   
It's time for Senate leaders to put politics aside and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.  
April was the seventh consecutive month of record-high temperatures. We need to  
Think Senate leaders should do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your name   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking with  about his  nominee, Judge Merrick Garland. 
 Tune in this afternoon as  interviews President Obama live from the White House on FB Live and YouTube! 
We need to lead this fight.  
Change happens because people like you fight to make it happen. 
Show your support for continued efforts to tackle climate change   
Read more about the historic new standards in place to reduce methane pollution  
Senate leaders should listen to the American people.  
Say you support a fair  nomination process—speak up now  
Find out what Judge Merrick Garland's former clerks have to say about his record as a public servant  
Editorial boards are speaking up on the  vacancy. Here's what they're saying   
Add your name if you support big steps forward in the fight to tackle climate change   
The Obama administration just finalized standards to cut methane pollution and improve public health.  
We can't afford to have a key part of our democracy understaffed. We need nine justices.  
The Senate should give President Obama's Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.  
Add your voice to the push for a fair Supreme Court nomination process    
Here's where editorial boards across the country stand when it comes to the  vacancy   
Senate leaders   and give Judge Garland the fair hearing he deserves. 
 Like the  nominees before him, Judge Garland filled out a questionnaire for Senators   
Join the hundreds of thousands of people calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing  
Judge Garland has impeccable credentials—he deserves a fair hearing from the Senate.  
Add your name if you agree  We need a full Supreme Court bench for a functioning democracy.  
Partisan obstructionism shouldn't hold back our Supreme Court.  
President Obama has a message for  supporters on the work ahead  
"This Mother’s Day, say thank you. Say, 'I love you.'" —President Obama 
Add your name if you think Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court   
 “The economy has been growing, unemployment has been falling, and wages have been rising” — 
74 consecutive months—more than six years—of private-sector job growth. Let's keep up the progress. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the economy and new steps to strengthen financial transparency. 
The economy added 160,000 jobs in April—a record-breaking 74 months of private-sector job growth.
President Obama just granted clemency to 58 men and women who've earned a second chance   
Say that Senate leaders should stop hiding behind excuses and give Judge Garland a fair hearing   
Check out President Obama's latest message to  supporters and volunteers  
 "A young girl shouldn't have to go to Washington to be heard." — on 8-year-old Mari   
President Obama  When American workers and businesses compete on a level playing field, no one can beat us. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at Northwestern High School in Flint, Michigan. 
Retweet if you agree.  
Make your voice heard on a fair  nomination process—add your name today   
LIVE  President Obama honors the 2016 National Teacher of the Year. 
Good climate change policy and good economic policy can go hand in hand.  
American workers deserve a trade agreement that works for them. Check out President Obama's op-ed on  
The United States just hit one million solar installations—enough to power 5.5 million homes. 
Say you're one of the majority of Americans who want Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing.  
Building a clean energy economy is a great way to  for people across the country. 
Read what editorial boards across the country have to say about the  vacancy  
It's unacceptable for obstructionists in the Senate to play political games with the Supreme Court. Say you agree  
"And with that, I just have two more words to say—Obama out." —President Obama at the 

Don't miss this  
Watch "Couch Commander" President Obama at last night's  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the  
Tune in at 8 00 p.m. ET to watch "Comedian-in-Chief" President Obama at the  
"Poll after poll shows a majority of Americans think Senate Republicans should do their job." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama has a simple message for Senate Republicans   
Senate leaders need to do their jobs and fill the  vacancy.  
Clean air makes for healthier and safer communities.  
Hundreds of thousands of Americans are calling on Senate leaders to fill the  vacancy—join them  
It's been more than 40 days since Judge Garland was nominated. Senate leaders   
Don't let climate change deniers jeopardize the progress we've made toward a safer, healthier future. Call them out  
Fighting climate change will save Americans money at the gas pump.  
Add your name if you support global efforts to tackle climate change  
Watch Professor Obama take obstructionists in the Senate back to school with  101.  
For the health of our children and grandchildren, we have to  
The Senate should uphold its constitutional duty and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. Add your name if you agree  
Watch  Professor Obama has a  lesson for obstructionists in the Senate.  
"Not to let the Constitution function is totally irresponsible and it's never happened like this before." — 
Don't let climate change deniers derail progress—show your support for bold action on climate change   
The fight to tackle climate change took a big step on Friday with hundreds of countries signing the  
ICYMI  The U.S. and more than 170 other nations just signed the  first ever global climate deal. 
We all play a part in helping to stop gun violence. Do your part— on June 2. 
We're already seeing the effects of climate change. Denial is unacceptable.  
Show your support for bold moves to combat climate change—add your name   
Carbon pollution is the biggest contributor to climate change—and President Obama is taking it head on. 
"We have criminal justice policies, including unfair sentencing laws, that need to be reformed." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his efforts to improve our criminal justice system.  
"From our family to yours, chag sameach." —President Obama 
Happy  
 Huge day for our Great Green Spinning Chunk of Awesome. Thank you world leaders for taking  
We can tackle climate change—but it's going to take all of us working together.  
 Healthy parks = Healthy planet 🌎
  
Bold action on climate change matters.  
Say you'll stand up for bold action to fight climate change   
 “Today, on  our governments, along with about 170 others, are in New York to sign that agreement.” — 
The Paris Agreement is a big deal.  
 President Obama is protecting our lands and waters for future generations.  
"'A strong spirit transcends rules,' Prince once said—and nobody's spirit was stronger, bolder, or more creative." —President Obama
President Obama is investing in a more sustainable future.  
 . breaks down why it's time for the Senate Republicans to give the President's  a hearing.   
We can't let climate change deniers derail progress—say you stand for bold action   
Continuing to invest in clean energy like solar power is critical in the fight to  
Last year, wind energy generated enough electricity to power 17.5 million homes   
Add your name to support bold action to combat climate change   
Climate change is real—and it's devastating communities across the country. We have  now. 
The wind energy industry keeps growing—here's the latest on its record-setting year   
Stand up today for a fair Supreme Court nomination process   
Happy National Park Week. Go  today.  
President Obama's  could have a big economic impact. 
Last month continued the streak of record-breaking global temperatures.  
This is unprecedented.  
Show your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland   
Editorial boards are making their voices heard on the  nomination process. See what they're saying  
Add your name if you think the Senate should give Judge Garland fair consideration   
See what editorial boards are saying about Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing  
This kind of Senate obstructionism is completely unprecedented.  
Climate change means wildfires are now a continual threat in some parts of the country   
 . highlights a few of the young innovators at the   
LIVE  President Obama is delivering remarks at the  
Tune in at 2 50 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the  
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the Supreme Court—he deserves a hearing.   
Read why having nine Supreme Court justices is critical for our judicial system   
It's time.  
"Improving gender equality would add at least $2.1 trillion to U.S. gross domestic product by 2025."  
Retweet if you agree.  
Stand up for equal pay—add your name now   
"I'm here to say we will close the wage gap." —President Obama  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about women's equality on  
Tune in at 11 25 a.m. ET to watch as President Obama designates a new national monument honoring women's equality  
 On   will designate a new national monument honoring women’s equality   
Side by side.  
 ICYMI   discusses what his hope is in the Senate regarding his nominee, Judge Garland. 

(Hint   
We cannot let political gridlock and dysfunction spread to our Supreme Court. 
It's time for the United States to  your support if you agree  
Retweet if you believe it's time for the United States to  
Speak up for a fair hearing for Judge Merrick Garland   
This is unprecedented.  
Add a comment if you agree  American workers shouldn't have to choose between their health and a paycheck. 
Working families in America should have the basic security of paid sick leave.  
If you think Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote, add your name   
 "Why is it so hard for this guy to get a hearing and a vote?" — on GOP obstruction of  nom.  
LIVE  The President is at  discussing why Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. 
Tune in at 3 30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the  nomination process at  
Read what a former  student learned from Professor Obama   
Show your support for the proposal to expand paid sick leave—add a comment today   
The U.S. is the only advanced nation that doesn't guarantee paid sick leave—it's time to change that.  
The Senate has more than enough time to give Judge Garland a fair up-or-down vote.  
 Obama’s National Monuments Have Been An Economic Boon For Local Economies  via 
Add your voice to the thousands calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing   
 It's  Stay informed about how climate change could impact your health →  
If we don't  now, the sea level could rise by more than six feet by the end of the century  
Clean energy currently employs 2.5 million people in the United States. Check it out   
Ten million workers in California and New York now have better economic security   
 "We should keep building an economy where everybody has a fair shot, and everybody plays by the same rules." — 
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy. 
Tune in at 12 15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement about the economy  
"Supreme Court struggles with just eight justices."  
An overwhelming majority of Americans want a fair  nomination process—add your name if you're one of them  
Judge Merrick Garland received bipartisan support in the past. Today should be no different.  
Stay informed and get the facts with the  Truth Team   
Our economy is making real progress, but we have to keep fighting to make sure that it works for everybody. 
"Another encouraging jobs report," as the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record continues. 
The United States of America has the strongest, most durable economy in the world—and it's getting better. 
The economy added 215,000 jobs in March—a record-breaking 73 months of private-sector job growth.
This is it—your last chance to win a free trip to Chicago to meet James Taylor   
DEADLINE  Chip in to support this grassroots movement before midnight tonight.  
You've got a friend that wants to meet James Taylor? Enter today and you could both be heading to Chicago  
Marriage equality. 
Obamacare. 
A global climate agreement. 
Push for more progress   
Get weekly updates on everything from the  nomination process to climate change   
Calling all supporters—the fundraising deadline is here. Do your part to chip in   
Enjoy the tunes of James Taylor in Chicago this summer—enter before tomorrow's deadline   
Time's almost up. Pitch in before the deadline   
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing    
Make a play before the big fundraising deadline tomorrow—pitch in now   
A free flight to Chicago.
A free hotel room.
Tickets to see the legendary James Taylor.
Enter now  
Start your engines—the big fundraising deadline is coming up. Chip in   
Ever met a music legend? Here's your chance—meet James Taylor in Chicago this summer   
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate    
Read President Obama's op-ed on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a Senate hearing   
 We all have to do our job -- including the U.S. Senate.

Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing. 
Add your name for a chance to see James Taylor perform live in Chicago this summer   
LIVE  President Obama and  are participating in the annual White House  
 Watch how one of our oldest traditions, the White House  has evolved over the past 138 years. 
"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter." —President Obama 
"Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in observing Good Friday and celebrating Easter this weekend." —President Obama 
Follow  for updates on the fight to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
 When the  was Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, every single  nominee got a hearing and a vote. 
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing    
Judge Garland is a highly qualified nominee to fill the  vacancy. Senators, it's time to  
"I believe Judge Garland is exactly the kind of judge we need on the Supreme Court." —President Obama  
Judge Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.  
Join  in calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and a timely vote   
The support for a fair hearing for Judge Garland is growing.  
LIVE   Biden is urging the Senate to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote. 
Tune in at 12 30 p.m. ET to see  Biden speak about why fair consideration for Judge Garland is so important  
It's a paws-itively beautiful day.  
Obamacare  Giving young adults (and their parents) peace of mind since 2010. 
Obamacare is here to stay. 
 Because of the  insurance is better for everyone, no matter where it’s purchased.  
 CBO estimates imply that the  will cut the deficit by over $3 trillion in the next two decades. 
20 million Americans covered  ✔
9 in 10 Americans now have health insurance  ✔
Lowest uninsured rate on record  ✔ 
On the sixth anniversary of  stand with  and say you'll keep fighting for affordable health care  
 "The thoughts and prayers of the American people are with the people of Belgium" — on the attacks in  
Want to meet James Taylor in Chicago? Enter today for your chance   
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.  
Tell Senate leaders  Your constituents expect you to   
"Give Judge Garland the respect he has earned. Give him a hearing. Give him an up-or-down vote." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama urges the Senate to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and timely vote  
Read from  editorial board on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing  
Check out how  supporters are calling for a fair  hearing and timely up-or-down vote  
Retweet if you believe Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration.  
Make your voice heard on a fair  nomination process for Judge Merrick Garland  
Happy  
Yesterday President Obama revealed his March Madness bracket. Check it out   
President Obama took his constitutional duty seriously and nominated a well qualified  
Judge Garland is a qualified  with past bipartisan approval—show your support   
 "He is the right man for the job. He deserves to be confirmed." — on his  Merrick Garland 
Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and a timely vote.  
HAPPENING NOW  President Obama is announcing his nominee to fill the  vacancy. 
Tune in at 11 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce his  
Senate leaders shouldn't hold up the Supreme Court nomination process—sign the petition  
These editorials explain why the Senate must do its job and hold fair  nomination hearings   
This February was so hot that it shattered global records. Check it out   
There's a lot of misinformation out there—help spread the facts with the  Truth Team   
Happy  
By a margin of nearly 2-to-1, Americans believe the Senate should hold hearings on a  nominee  
Refusing to even meet with a  nominee has no basis in the Constitution.  
If you think the Senate should give President Obama's  nominee a fair hearing, add your name   
 "We avoided a Great Depression. 
Thanks, Obama."
—  
LIVE  President Obama is participating in a  panel on civic engagement and technology. 
The Senate should fairly consider a  nominee—sign the petition if you agree   
Not caught up on the Supreme Court vacancy? Read what editorial boards around the country are saying   
The United States and Canada are joining together to reduce methane pollution. Read more   
 "Canada is joining us in our aggressive goal to bring down methane emissions in the oil and gas sector" — 
Refusing to hold a hearing on a presidential nominee is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders   
 "I'm going to do my job and then my expectation is going to be will the Senate do its job" —  
Senators on the Judiciary Committee have demanded a vote on judicial nominees 90 times. Here's a list   
"Under my chairmanship, every Supreme Court nominee was given a hearing and a vote in the Judiciary Committee." — 
 Vermont just took the  so families won't have to choose between their job and the family they love. 
Add your name if you think the Senate should do its job    
"Senate needs to think and vote." See what editorials boards are saying about the Supreme Court nomination  
  see a world where every child can go to school and fulfill their boundless potential.  
The President is going to nominate a qualified Supreme Court Justice—tell Senate leaders to do their jobs  
From  Biden  Why the Senate shouldn't hold back the  nomination process. 
We've come a long way on women's equality, but there's still so much work to be done.  
"U.S. solar seems poised for not just a record year but perhaps a blowout year." Get the numbers   
"If Selma taught us anything, it’s that our work is never done." —President Obama  
Refusing to hold hearings for a president's  nominee has never happened before. 
There is no excuse to delay the  nomination—add your name to  petition if you agree  
Most Americans agree that the Senate should do its job and give the  nominee a fair hearing   
 "We remain grateful for Nancy Reagan's life" — and   
A well-qualified  nominee deserves a fair hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.  
Take a look at what editorial boards across the country think of the Senate refusing to do its job   
It's the Senate's duty to fairly consider the President's  nominee—and there's plenty of time to do so. 
February's 242,000 new jobs mean the American economy has been creating jobs for six straight years. 
The American economy continues its comeback. 
The economy added 242,000 jobs in February—a record-breaking six straight years of private-sector job growth.
The majority of Americans agree that President Obama should nominate someone to fill the  vacancy  
 BREAKING  20 million more Americans now know the security of health insurance thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
LIVE  President Obama is celebrating Milwaukee's victory in the Healthy Communities Challenge. 
Sign the petition—join the thousands of voices speaking up for a fair Supreme Court nomination process   
Tune in at 12 50 p.m. ET to see President Obama congratulate Milwaukee on winning the Healthy Communities Challenge. 
This is what a consensus looks like.  
 Good news  Oregon just raised its minimum wage. 

if you agree it's time to  for all Americans. 
Deliberately creating partisan gridlock is not the way our democracy should work.  
The obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. Sign the petition telling the Senate   
Refusing to consider a  nominee before one is even announced is irresponsible.  
 Here's what  is doing to help women achieve their dreams    
Leaving a seat open on the Supreme Court for more than a year is irresponsible—sign the petition   
We're seeing the fastest rise in sea-levels in nearly 3,000 years   
Get the facts on everything from a fair  nomination process to climate change   
Today's the 55th birthday of the  Thanks to all who have served across the globe. 
It's the Senate's duty to give the President's nominee a fair hearing and a timely vote.  
"One-third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year."  (h/t 
Sign  petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process  
LIVE  President Obama is presenting the Medal of Honor to Senior Chief Special Warfare Operator Edward Byers. 
 Climate change "is the most urgent threat facing our entire species."

if you agree with   
 "They. Did. Nothing. Wrong." - at  
Thanks to the  clean energy investments have created hundreds of thousands of jobs. 
Our economy has come a long way, but there's more work to do—say you support common-sense economic policies  
Seven years ago, our economy was shedding nearly 800,000 jobs a day. We've come a long way. 
Our economy has added 14 million jobs over the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record. 
LIVE  President Obama is highlighting the progress of the American economy. 
 It's been 7 years since  signed the  See how it shaped our  future. 

Tune in at 1 55 p.m. ET to see President Obama speak about the economic progress we've made since the  
Tell the Senate  Stop playing games with our Supreme Court.  
The Senate should fulfill its constitutional duty and fairly consider the President's nominee.  
Add your name if you agree  Failing to fill the Supreme Court vacancy for over a year is unacceptable.  
Retweet if you agree that we can't afford to play political games over the Supreme Court vacancy.  
The solar industry hit record growth last year, surpassing natural gas installations for the first time  
 . nominates the first woman and first African-American to be Librarian of Congress  

This kind of obstruction is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders   
Sign  petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process  
President Obama on his constitutional responsibility and the qualities he's looking for in his  nominee  
Refusing to even consider the President's Supreme Court nominee is unprecedented. Tell the Senate   
With more than 300 days left in President Obama's term, the Senate has no excuse to delay.  
Be part of the team debunking myths with facts—join the  Truth Team   
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement from the Roosevelt Room. 
A fair judicial nomination process is important for a functioning democracy—read more  
Speak up for a fair nomination process and a timely vote by the Senate—sign  petition   
The Senate should not play political games with our Supreme Court. 
"The Senate also has a constitutional duty  to consider presidential nominees expeditiously."  (h/t 
Add your name to let the Senate know  The Supreme Court is too important to be held hostage by partisan politics. 
 My daughter getting "egged" on. She does things at her own pace.  
 Here's why everyone is sharing pictures of  
Gain the skills you need to turn a desire for change into impact—apply to be an  fellow today  
The impact of climate change in one GIF   
The longest streak of private-sector job growth, 4.9% unemployment rate—middle-class economics is working. 
It's official  January 2016 was the most abnormally warm month on record.  
 "For the third time as President, I get to say  Give it up for the Stanley Cup champs – my hometown Chicago Blackhawks!" —
Read what  Biden has to say about our economic comeback, thanks in part to the Recovery Act  
In the past seven years, our economy has made real progress. 
 Watch  explain why there's more than enough time for the Senate to consider a  nominee he presents. 
 Shoutout to  and all the artists at the  working to build a brighter future.  
This  Day, speak up for equality   
No matter who you are or whom you love, celebrate  Day with pride.  
Stand against discrimination—join the fight for equality.  
Retweet if you believe  
Watch President Obama thank  for all she's done for the LGBT community   
Read President Obama's thoughts on climate change, technology, and   
Thanks to President Obama, future generations will still be able to explore—from sea to shining sea.  
President Obama has protected more land and water than any of his predecessors—and he's not done yet   
 Big news   just protected 1.8 million acres of public lands in CA →   
 . was here in 2007, and tomorrow he’s barack. I mean back.  

Marriage equality may be the law of the land, but there's more work to do to end discrimination. Join the fight  
Show what you believe—get the  tee.  
Celebrate this Valentine's Day with pride, and no matter who you love, commit to ending discrimination.  
"The fact is we’ve gotten a heck of a lot done these past seven years, despite the gridlock." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Springfield, Illinois. 
Tune in at 4 25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak to supporters in Springfield, Illinois  
Join the  Truth Team and spread the facts on issues that matter   
Say cheese.  
 . final budget continues the fight to  for future generations   
An increase in solar jobs is good for our economy and our environment.  
Good news  2015 was another great year for clean energy growth.  
 WATCH   and  play  game "I love it when..." during LIVE interview ahead of  on 

Criminal justice reform is overdue. Speak up for fairness—add your name   
We need to  
Health care marketplace enrollment numbers are in, and it's good news. Take a look   
"The budget I will send to Congress this Tuesday will double funding for clean energy research." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the private-sector is helping in the fight to  
Last year was the second-best year for job creation since the late 1990s—but there's more work to do. 
The economy continues a record-breaking streak of 71 straight months of private-sector job growth. Read more  
 "We've recovered from the worst economic crisis since the 1930s." —  
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy. 
Middle-class economics is working. 
 BREAKING  Nearly 13 million Americans have signed up for private health coverage thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
 Dennis Quaid &amp; Amanda Peet reveal the one thing more popular in America than Taylor Swift, dogs, and football.

Stand up for a smarter, fairer criminal justice system—add your name now   
It's time to  
Check out President Obama's message to  supporters on the importance of keeping up the fight for progress  
Everyone has to pitch in to  including the private sector. Check out what  just did. 
Progress is not inevitable—it depends on hard work. Say you'll fight for it   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Baltimore. 
More than 60 attempts later, and Congress is still wasting time and money trying to repeal or dismantle  
 Good news  U.S. auto sales in January rose to the strongest rate since 2000 →  
Show your organizing pride.  
No fluff, just facts—that's the Truth Team way. Join now   
There's just a few hours left to  for 2016   
Spread the word  Today is the last day to  for 2016.  
TODAY  The last day to check out your options and  Don't miss it.  
 Just 1 day left to get  for 2016 Vist   
The end of the open enrollment is right around the corner—make sure your friends know how to  
 Millions of families now have peace of mind thanks to  Say you'll fight for it   
Have a worry-free weekend, and take care of this right now    
There's still time to  hurry   
Just two days left to get  for 2016.  
Check out what President Obama is doing to help advance  for women. 
Add your name if you agree that equal work deserves  
Seven years ago, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act—a step forward. But the fight isn't over. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the importance of  for women.  
 the good news  We're taking new steps to advance  for women → 

Tune in at 12 10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on the anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. 
Join the team that's fighting misinformation with facts   
Don't miss this deadline    
 MAJOR 🔑 ALERT! the deadline is January 31st!     bless up 
The open enrollment period ends on Sunday—talk to your friends about how they can  
Preventive care is free under Obamacare. Check out your options and   
Retweet to spread the word, and make sure your friends   
It's not too late—get your vintage tee today.  
Scientists agree climate change is man-made—and we can do something about it.  
"In our criminal justice system, the punishment should fit the crime." —President Obama 
Before Sunday    
Last night, President Obama banned the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons. Read more  
Health care reform has helped millions—join the team that's fighting to protect it.  
A new study confirms that the  will raise wages for American workers and grow our economy. 
Time's running out to  before the January 31 deadline. Check out your options   
Take a look at President Obama's latest common-sense step to help fight climate change   
Join the millions who've enrolled in the new marketplace. The deadline is January 31   
Fifteen of the 16 hottest years ever recorded have been in the 21st century. See for yourself   
"If you haven’t looked at your new coverage options, you’ve still got time to get covered." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama encourages people to check out their health care options and  
Extreme voices in Congress have tried to dismantle  more than 60 times—join the team that's fighting back  
Check ups  covered under Obamacare.   
97 percent of climate scientists agree  Climate change is real and man-made.  
"The government should not intrude on private decisions made between a woman and her doctor." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors. 
Be prepared for the cold.  today   
Get the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance— today   
Fighting climate change  ✔
Creating jobs  ✔
The solar industry is booming. 
"The American auto industry is all the way back." —President Obama  
It's official  Last year was the hottest year on record—by a very wide margin.  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Detroit about the progress of the American auto industry. 
Tune in at 3 25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama highlight the economic comeback of the auto industry  
 7 years ago,  bet big on rescuing the American auto industry. Here's how it paid off   
Shop around    
Read how  organizers are sharing their personal stories to help  
 25,000 pounds of enriched uranium = shipped out of Iran.
  
American diplomacy has helped make the world safer and more secure through the  Read how  
Because of American diplomacy, all of Iran's pathways to a nuclear weapon have been blocked.  
"It is our mission to fulfill his vision of a nation devoted to rejecting bigotry in all its forms." —President Obama 
Happy birthday,  Thank you for all you do. 
"That’s when America works best—when everyone has opportunity; when everyone has some security." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama speaks about taking steps to modernize our unemployment insurance system. 
President Obama announced a pause on new coal leases on federal lands—a step forward in the fight to  
 "If you don't have health insurance on your job then you shouldn't be without coverage" —  
LIVE  President Obama is answering questions from   and   
Tune in at 2 15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama do an interview with three popular YouTube creators  
America now has the lowest uninsured rate on record thanks to  Repealing it doesn't make sense. 
ICYMI  More than 11 million people have enrolled in health care plans through the marketplace so far. 
DEADLINE  Check out your options today for coverage that begins on February 1.   
Check out what  Biden told a group of  supporters yesterday  
Solar energy jobs have doubled in just five years.  
"That’s the country we love. Clear-eyed. Big-hearted. Undaunted by challenge." —President Obama  
LIVE  President Obama is holding a town hall in Louisiana on the progress Americans have made and the path forward. 
Tune in at 11 05 a.m. ET to watch President Obama participate in a town hall in Baton Rouge, Louisiana  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Omaha about moving our country forward. 
LIVE   Biden is speaking with  supporters on the work ahead in 2016. 
RSVP for  call with  Biden at 3 15 p.m. ET today. You don't want to miss it   
Missed President Obama's final  last night? Check out his full remarks. 
Fired up from the  RSVP to hear  talk about the work ahead with  supporters   
 The 3rd annual  is today! Here's how you can participate   
Fired up and ready to go? Join the movement   
"I believe in change because I believe in you." —President Obama 
"I can promise that a year from now, when I no longer hold this office, I’ll be right there with you as a citizen." —President Obama 
"Our collective future depends on your willingness to uphold your obligations as a citizen." —President Obama 
"Democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesn’t matter." —President Obama 
"Our public life withers when only the most extreme voices get all the attention." —President Obama 
"Democracy grinds to a halt without a willingness to compromise." —President Obama 
"Democracy does require basic bonds of trust between its citizens." —President Obama 
"The future we want ... is within our reach. But it will only happen if we work together." —President Obama 
"We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion." —President Obama 
President Obama  The Trans-Pacific Partnership will protect workers and the environment.  
 Hear some good ideas tonight? Show your support—add your name   
"Our troops are the finest fighting force in the history of the world." —President Obama 
"The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period." —President Obama 
"We’ve got to accelerate the transition away from old, dirtier energy sources." —President Obama 
"Gas under two bucks a gallon ain’t bad, either." —President Obama 
"On rooftops from Arizona to New York, solar is saving Americans tens of millions of dollars a year." —President Obama  
"Seven years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history." —President Obama 
"Why would we want to pass up the chance for American businesses to produce and sell the energy of the future?" —President Obama 
 Climate action can no longer be pushed to the next generation—we need to  now.  
"If anybody still wants to dispute the science around climate change, have at it. You’ll be pretty lonely." —President Obama 
Global action on climate change is happening—show your support today    
We have the responsibility to lead on climate change.   
"America is every immigrant and entrepreneur, from Boston to Austin to Silicon Valley." —President Obama 
"That spirit of discovery is in our DNA. America is Thomas Edison and the Wright Brothers and George Washington Carver." —President Obama
"Workers and start-ups and small businesses need more of a voice, not less." —President Obama 
"Food Stamp recipients didn’t cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did." —President Obama 
"I believe a thriving private sector is the lifeblood of our economy." —President Obama 
"America is about giving everybody willing to work a chance." —President Obama 
"Parties should work together to improve job security." —President Obama 
And counting.  
"Social Security and Medicare are more important than ever. We shouldn’t weaken them, we should strengthen them." —President Obama 
Share the facts.  
"We have to make college affordable for every American." —President Obama  
"We should recruit and support more great teachers for our kids." —President Obama 
"Real opportunity requires every American to get the education and training they need to land a good-paying job." —President Obama 
Students should be able to get an education without taking on decades' worth of student loan debt.  
"Everybody that works hard deserves a fair shot." —President Obama  
"For the past seven years, our goal has been a growing economy that also works better for everybody." —President Obama 
"Our auto industry just had its best year ever." —President Obama 
"More than 14 million new jobs; the strongest two years of job growth since the ‘90s; an unemployment rate cut in half." —President Obama
Middle-class economics works.  
"A basic  the United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world." —President Obama 
Change only happens when you organize.  
 It's just called marriage now.   
"We made change work for us, always extending America’s promise outward, to the next frontier, to more people." —President Obama 
"I want to focus on our future." —President Obama 
President Obama  I’ll keep pushing for progress on immigration, gun violence, equal pay, paid leave, raising the minimum wage. 
"Who knows, we might surprise the cynics again." —President Obama 
"I hope we can work together this year on some bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is delivering his final State of the Union address now.  
Tune in for President Obama's final State of the Union at 9 p.m. ET tonight.   
The stage is set—tune in tonight.   
 This is what change looks like.   
"It’s the last time we’ll do this, but we’re not even close to done working." — Joe Biden on the  
The last seven years have been packed with progress. See how far we've come  
One last time.  
Tonight—it's going to be a good time. Don't miss the State of the Union.   
Get ready for President Obama's final  and add your voice to the conversation   
 "I want us to be able...to say we couldn't think of anything else that we didn't try to do." —  
President Obama's last State of the Union address—it's only a day away.   
 The lowest unemployment rate in 7 years  ✔
14.1 million private-sector jobs added in 70 months  ✔

January 12—don't miss it.   
Another milestone to celebrate for wind power—and plenty of room to grow. 
Tuesday    
"Today, the American auto industry is back." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the incredible progress made in the American auto industry  
Get ready—this one is going to be good.   
Read President Obama's  op-ed on how we all play a part in efforts to help  in America  
ICYMI  Listen to what President Obama said to  supporters on a call about steps forward to  
This doesn't have to be the new normal—join the fight to help   
Happening now  President Obama is speaking to  supporters on how everyone can help  
 LIVE  President Obama is speaking to OFA supporters about the path forward on gun violence prevention. Listen in. 
The December jobs report shows big gains in employment and higher wages for American workers. Read more  
 the news  2014-2015 marked the strongest two-year stretch of job growth since 1998-2000.  
The economy added 292,000 jobs in December—a record-breaking 70 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
 Obama  The NRA used to support more background checks. We've looked at this before.  
If you agree with common-sense steps to help curb gun violence, add your name   
 If a child can’t open a bottle of aspirin, we should make sure they can’t pull the trigger on a gun.  
Don't miss President Obama's town hall event on how to  in America—tune in at 8 p.m. ET on  
 Enrollment numbers in 2015  ⬆
Number of young people signing up for  ⬆

Almost time for President Obama's last  the conversation   
Watch what President Obama has to say about his final  
Don't miss this    
 We know we can’t stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one?  
Twelve more months of progress to go—say you'll tune in   
Read how President Obama's common-sense actions could help  in America  
Congress can—and should—take action to help  Add your name if you agree  
 Steps announced by  today to  will protect communities &amp; strengthen our nation's security.  I applaud …
"The constant excuses for inaction no longer do." —President Obama  
 33 Americans are murdered w/ a gun every day. And Congress has done nothing. Today’s responsible actions by  will …
 President  thank you for standing up and using your power to do what you can to help SAVE LIVES more lives. 
 In light of all that was experienced in 2015  shouldn't even be a question amongst US citizens. Been saying …
 Thank you  for a dash of common sense on guns. 
 Thank you  for taking these steps to make us ALL safer.  
 Let's go. We can   
President Obama's common-sense actions will help  Now Congress needs to step up. 
Add your name if you think it's time for Congress to stand up to the gun lobby and help  
 "All of us need to demand a Congress brave enough to stand up to the gun lobby’s lies." — 
 "Fort Hood
Binghamton
Aurora
Oak Creek
Newtown
The Navy Yard
Santa Barbara
Charleston
San Bernardino
Too many."
—

LIVE  President Obama is talking about how to make our communities safer by reducing gun violence in America. 
Tune in at 11 40 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce steps to help  
 BREAKING   is taking new commonsense steps to help  →  
This is it—President Obama's final  Say you'll be watching   
 "Change, as always, is going to take all of us." — on working to  
Start the new year off the right way and  now   
"We know that we can’t stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one?" —President Obama 
Hello, 2016. 
Ring in the new year with the one you love. 
FINAL CALL  Help make 2016 a year full of progress. Chip in today.  
You don't want to miss this. Say you'll tune in for President Obama's final   
LAST CALL  You could be going on a seven-day cruise to Alaska—but only if you enter today.  
Thinking of ways you can help out over the next year? Look no further   
DEADLINE  Chip in to help fund the fight for more progress in 2016. 
You and a friend could be heading north. Enter now to win a cruise to Alaska   
TONIGHT  Come in with the clutch contribution before the deadline.  
 Go behind the scenes of  Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee with special guest, 

Global climate action became a reality this year—keep the progress going in 2016   
Chip in to help gear up for the big fights in 2016   
Here's your chance to get lost in the beauty of the Last Frontier state   
Get ready—the deadline to pitch in before the new year is right around the corner.  
In 31 states, people can still be fired because of who they love. Help change that in 2016   
Seven down, one more to go. Make sure you tune in for President Obama's last   
Have you entered yet? You and a friend could win a trip to Alaska   
Check out five big victories that made 2015 a great year for progress  
Suit up—it's President Obama's final State of the Union. Say you'll tune in   
You can still join the team fighting for progress. Get your contribution in under the wire   
 ICYMI  President Obama stepped up to keep Congress from blocking action on climate change. 
Seeking adventure? Find it in Alaska. Enter  contest today   
Don't miss your chance for the adventure of a lifetime. Enter now—and you and a friend could be headed to Alaska  
This year was full of progress. But there's more work to do in 2016—and you can help   
"Merry Christmas, everybody!" —President Obama 
Merry Christmas, and happy holidays to you and yours—big or small. 
Beautiful mountain tops. Huge glaciers. And polar bears—see them all in Alaska.  
 Proud to team up with  in the fight to  in America. Learn more here  

 Watch the world come together to  and protect the one planet we've got → 

Here's one way to help make 2016 a year of action  
Time to check this one off your bucket list   
2015 has been a great year for progress—but there's still more work to do. 
Get your donation in before the door closes   
Here's your chance to take in this view for yourself   
Find out how  organizers are gearing up to  in their communities—and how you can support this work  
This grassroots movement is going full speed ahead into 2016. Help keep up the momentum   
Get your binoculars ready. Enter for your chance at an   
2015 will likely be the hottest year ever recorded.  
Become an  Champion, and cheer on the movement fighting for lasting change   
Enter now, and you and a friend could win a seven-day cruise to Alaska   
"The number one reason I’m optimistic going into 2016  It's you—the American people." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama gives a roundup of the top ten things that happened in 2015. Watch  
Stand on the deck. Take in the beauty. Repeat. 
Enter to win a seven-day cruise to Alaska   
 "Our early investments in clean energy ignited a clean energy industry." —  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in the Brady Press Briefing Room. 
Tune in at 1 50 p.m. ET to watch as President Obama holds a news conference. 
 Love is love in America. 

Lend a hand—chip in to show your support for this grassroots movement.  
Bucket list 
Go on a cruise ✔
Travel to Alaska ✔
Whale watching in the Arctic ✔

Enter   
This grassroots movement is aiming high for 2016. You can help by pitching in   
What are you waiting for? Here's your chance for an Alaskan adventure   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the National Counterterrorism Center. 
Tune in at 12 15 a.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement. 
Good news  You have two extra days to  for the new year.  
This is your chance for an adventure. Don't miss it   
The  gives us the chance to secure a healthier, more prosperous future for the next generation. 
After years of effort by the U.S., nearly every country in the world came together to stand  
Want to take in this view? Enter now for your chance   
DEADLINE  If you want coverage to start off 2016, make sure to check out your options today.  
Thanks to American leadership, countries around the world are standing  
"I believe this moment can be a turning point for the world." —President Obama on the  
A trip to Alaska could be great motivation to join the fight to  Enter now   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at a naturalization ceremony at the National Archives. 
"America, this will change—but only when we stand up, together, and demand it." —President Obama  
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement at the Pentagon. 
Tune in at 12 25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the Pentagon  
Say you stand with countries around the world who are  your name   
 Watch  speak at 5 30pm ET on the historic  →   
This is huge  Almost every country in the world just signed on to the  on climate change—thanks to American leadership.
Congress still hasn't passed a budget, and time's running out. Read why  supporters are saying  
8 out of 10 uninsured Americans may qualify for financial help. See if you're one of them   
Start the new year off right    
Climate action at the local level is key in pushing the conversation forward. Read the latest from Wisconsin  
Enroll by December 15th and you'll ring in the new year with the security of health insurance   
WATCH  President Obama tells a room full of organizers to continue the fight on climate change.  
Nations from around the world are coming together to  Join millions calling for real progress  
 if you agree 
Every child,
regardless of
race,
income,
or zip code,
deserves a shot at a great education.  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about education and signing the Every Student Succeeds Act.  
 If you think ending gun violence in America is an impossible dream, you need to see this.

We CAN  
With American leadership, more than 180 nations have committed to tackling climate change.  
The world is  It's time to act. 
 "We betray the efforts of the past if we fail to push back against bigotry in all its forms." —  
LIVE  President Obama is delivering remarks at an event marking the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment. 
Tune in at 11 50 a.m. ET to watch President Obama commemorate the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment  
Show your support for common-sense gun safety laws like closing the No-Fly List loophole   
Closing the No-Fly List loophole is a no-brainer.  
Hundreds of nations are coming together to stand  you can join the conversation  
The world is  time for climate change deniers in Congress to get on board. 
The world is standing  It's time to act. 
Congress needs to close the No-Fly List loophole—add your name if you agree   
Congress can  about this. 
 Here's what Congress should do  now to make it harder for people to buy assault weapons   
LIVE  President Obama is addressing the nation on the threat of terrorism and keeping the American people safe. 
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama address the nation on keeping the American people safe  
"Here in America it’s way too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun." —President Obama 
WATCH  President Obama offers his condolences to the San Bernardino community and calls for common-sense gun laws. 
Obamacare is helping millions. Repealing it would be devastating to families across the country. 
Provisions in  have helped save billions of dollars and more than 80,000 lives. Read more  
Employers have added an average of 213,000 jobs a month over the past six months. We have to keep up this progress. 
The economy added 211,000 jobs in November—a record-breaking 69 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
 Watch  deliver a statement on the shooting in San Bernardino.

Countries all over the world are standing  the conversation to be part of this historic moment  
This is a huge step forward.  
Sixty years later, we remember the heroism of Rosa Parks and recommit to the fight for justice and equality. 
 Big news  154 companies are calling for strong global action on climate change →   
Climate change deniers are trying to undermine America's commitment to  Read more  
Be a part of this historic moment in the fight against climate change—join the  conversation   
Stand up for global action on climate change—add your name    
The global talks on climate change have begun. Join the conversation   
Watch President Obama discuss how to build a framework for progress on the global effort to tackle climate change. 
Read why the international climate talks in Paris are so important   
 "More than 180 countries representing nearly 95% of global emissions have put forward their own climate targets." 
 BREAKING   joins 19 countries to double clean energy funding →    
Enrolling is easy. Check out your options and  today  
Show your support for American leadership in the international effort to  
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest step America's ever taken to tackle climate change. 
Post Thanksgiving to-do list 

Sleep  ✓
Dishes. So many dishes  ✓
 
Be thankful today—and don't forget to give back.  
"No matter our circumstances, all of us have something to be grateful for." —President Obama  
 . on the tragic shooting of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald   
LIVE  President Obama is celebrating the 68th anniversary of the National Thanksgiving Turkey presentation. 
Read from  on how the United States is leading the international effort to  
 "What a powerful rebuke to the terrorists it will be when the world stands as one” —   
Read how  volunteers in Tennessee are making sure that everyone has access to quality, affordable health care  
Before you start cooking this week, make sure you're covered   
 American companies are using a record amount of clean energy →    
No more excuses. It's time to   
Say you're ready for strong global efforts to  let climate change deniers prevent progress  
Get a close look inside the first-ever  Organizing Director Summit  
 "In the face of terror, we stand as one." — Biden  
One year ago the President took common-sense  a long-term fix still hasn't come from Congress. 
Happy birthday  Here's to a great year. 
Getting help is easy. Check out your options and  today   
Record-breaking temperatures in October keeps 2015 on track to be the hottest year ever  
Don't let climate change deniers stand in the way of global progress on climate action   
It's crucial to  this is just one way the Clean Power Plan is a step forward. 
"Progress isn’t guaranteed. It’s not inevitable. It’s something that has to be fought for." —President Obama 
The international community is committed to  your support for global action  
Progress on tackling climate change is happening—and we can't go back.  
The health care marketplace is open—for a limited time. Now's your chance to   
 In the first two weeks of Open Enrollment, more than 1M people have selected a plan thru   
Say you're ready for big progress in the global effort to  your name  
Hundreds of hardworking  organizers came together at the  to drive their work forward—take a look  
Don't let climate change deniers derail progress in the global effort to   
In two weeks, nations across the globe are gathering to  is a big deal. 
 Meet  2015 Man of the Year  President  
The U.S. has already tripled wind and solar energy since 2008. The Clean Power Plan will continue that progress. 
The Clean Power Plan is a vital step to  and improve public health. 
Get the facts on important issues like climate change—join the OFA Truth Team  
You might be able to get an even better health care plan. Shop around today    
 Retweet to let your loved ones know  It's time to  
 Watch the full statement from  on the attacks in Paris. 
 if you agree  It's time to  so more women have a shot at success.   
The security of affordable health care might make you dance    
Man-made climate change is having a big effect on global temperatures. Read more   
The fight for common-sense  isn't over. Read more  
 Watch  award the  to U.S. Army Captain Florent Groberg. 
Read from veteran and former Federal Chief Sustainability Officer Jon Powers on why it's time to  
Be covered this winter—check out your options now    
"On this day and every day, we thank you." —President Obama  
LIVE  President Obama is honoring veterans at Arlington National Cemetery.  
ICYMI  The unemployment rate is now at a seven-year low. 
Make sure to check this off your list    
President Obama explains why the  is good for American workers and the middle class  
 WATCH  Words of advice from the Organizer-in-Chief at the  
"I'm going to keep on going as long as you'll have me." —President Obama to  volunteers 
"I need you to stay involved. I need you to stay active." —President Obama 
"I may only hold this office for the next 14 months, but I'm not going anywhere." —President Obama 
"When the cynics tell us we can't change this country for the better, we know they're wrong. We've got proof." —President Obama
"We've still got our work cut out for us to fix the broken immigration system." —President Obama 
"Your organizing skills are more important than ever."—President Obama 
"You know we've got more work to do. You wouldn't be here if you didn't think we have more work to do."—President Obama 
"Even as our economy is growing, America's cut our carbon pollution more than any other advanced nation on Earth." —President Obama
"We've covered 17.6 million Americans so far, and in the process the deficit's been cut by two-thirds." —President Obama 
"We've seen the longest streak of private-sector job creation on record—that happened because of you." —President Obama 
"You figure out what's important in your communities and you organize around it."—President Obama at the 
"You be the change you want to come about."—President Obama 
"Together, we created a movement for change that couldn't be denied."—President Obama 
"It's always good to be with OFA. It's a little bit like coming home."—President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking to  volunteers at the  
"It was never about yes he can—it was about yes we can." — 
 The  with  is about to kick off. Follow along. 
"For the first time, more than 90% of Americans are covered." —President Obama  
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses why it's so important to  
 "If we want to prevent the worst effects of climate change before it’s too late, the time to act is now." — 
Retweet if you support American leadership on climate change.  
The President just rejected  Add your name to support strong action on climate change   
"If we want to prevent the worst effects of climate change before it's too late, the time to act is now." —President Obama 
"Shipping crude oil into our country would not increase America's energy security." —President Obama 
"Today, in 41 states, drivers can find at least one gas station selling gas for less than $2 a gallon." —President Obama 
"In fact, gas prices have already been falling, steadily." —President Obama on rejecting the 
"The pipeline would not lower gas prices for American consumers." —President Obama on rejecting the 
"If Congress is serious about wanting to create jobs, this was not the way to do it." —President Obama on rejecting the 
"The pipeline would not make a meaningful, long-term contribution to our economy." —President Obama on rejecting the 
BREAKING  President Obama just took another huge step to  by rejecting the  pipeline.
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement. 
The economy added 271,000 jobs in October—a record-breaking 68 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
The  eliminates 18,000 taxes that other countries put on American goods.  
More American-made exports means more higher-paying jobs at home    
"When we have a level playing field, Americans out-compete anyone in the world." —President Obama  
 President Obama's trade deal is a big win for American workers.
Read the text →   
Negotiations on the  are complete, and the full text is now available online. Find out more   
More than two dozen states and cities are fighting to  by defending the Clean Power Plan  
Finding a plan that fits your needs is easy. Check out your options and   
A vocal minority could still derail the bipartisan budget deal—don't let that happen. Show your support  
Get an update on issues that matter, from gun violence prevention to health care enrollment  
 Great news  Montana just became the 30th state to put  and expand Medicaid. 
The marketplace is open again—shop around and find a plan that works for you    
Working hard in America shouldn't mean choosing between a paycheck and a sick kid at home.  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the re-entry process of formerly incarcerated individuals. 
Tune in at 4 20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on rehabilitation and reintegration   
Here's what happened when 35 passionate student organizers came together to learn how to improve their impact  
Under  the uninsured rate in the United States is at the lowest level on record. 
Nearly 8 in 10 uninsured Americans may be eligible for financial help. Check out your options   
Open enrollment is back    
Post Halloween checklist 

Coffee  ✓
Brunch  ✓
Health insurance  

The health care marketplace is open again. Check out your options now   
Don't miss your chance to   
Trick-or-treat?  
Make sure you  tomorrow—before you eat too much Halloween candy. 
"Every year, we spend $80 billion in taxpayer dollars to keep people incarcerated." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama calls for meaningful criminal justice reform  
Don't miss it.  
Watch as President Obama and  welcome children to trick-or-treat at the White House   
Passionate student organizers came together at  Campus Organizing Summit. Find out more  
DYK  Under  millions of young adults are able to remain on their parents' plans until they turn 26. 
"I applaud the Democrats and Republicans who came together this morning to pass a responsible, long-term budget agreement." —President Obama
Spread the word  There are nearly 10.5 million uninsured Americans who may be eligible to  in 2016. 
Read  op-ed on how science and data are helping the U.S. focus on the long-term costs of climate change  
Big polluters and climate change deniers are standing in the way of progress—fight back   
17.6 million Americans have gained coverage under  a BFD. 
 The bipartisan budget agreement is a major step forward for our economy.
Get the details →  
Don't let climate change deniers have the final say on the Clean Power Plan—show your support   
Open enrollment is right around the corner.  
If you want cleaner air and improved public health, add your name    
America's mayors are calling for Congress to  about gun violence. 
 "More guns on the streets do not make you or your community safer." —  
Retweet to spread the word.  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference and Exposition. 
At 3 p.m. ET, watch President Obama address the International Association of Chiefs of Police in Chicago  
 "This team taught all of America's children that playing like a girl means being a badass" - President  
LIVE  President Obama is welcoming the  to celebrate their World Cup victory.  
 In 2030, the  will PREVENT 
300,000 missed work days and school days.
1,700 non-fatal heart attacks. htt…
New federal limits on methane pollution will help make our air cleaner. Show your support   
"We've led by example, generating more clean energy and lowering our carbon emissions." —President Obama 
This is why the Clean Power Plan matters.  
LIVE  President Obama is hosting a panel at the White House on criminal justice reform. 
Organizers in New Mexico are working to make sure people in their communities have affordable care. Read how  
LIVE  President Obama is in West Virginia hosting a community discussion on drug abuse. 
Tune in at 2 20 p.m. ET to watch President Obama host a community forum on drug abuse. 
 What's it like to call space? Watch  call the astronauts on the   
A new poll shows that a majority of Americans want common-sense laws on gun sales   
Action on climate change can't wait—which is why the Clean Power Plan is so important. 
 Under  we're mobilizing the world to 
There's never been more momentum.  ht…
Eighty-one companies support a global agreement to  
 "The goal of  is to get young people to, and through, higher education." —The First Lady  
ICYMI  Yesterday marked the official adoption of the  
Diali came to  to develop her digital content production skills and continue a career in organizing. Read more  
 the good news  U.S. companies are committing at least $160 billion to  →  
"The United States is home to 5% of the world’s population, but 25% of the world’s prisoners." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the steps needed to fix our criminal justice system. 
Retweet if you agree it's time to  
Coal mining companies are supporting an international deal to   It's time for deniers to get on board.
Under the Obama administration, the deficit is down nearly 75 percent—the lowest it's been since 2007. 
Add your name to the thousands of people asking Congress to stand up and  about gun violence  
 to spread the word  We've reduced the deficit by nearly three-fourths under  →  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at a celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month. 
Tune in at 4 45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at an event celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month. 
See where your representatives stand on the basic science of climate change   
Climate change denial is at a record low—just not in Congress. Read more   
Make your sweet tooth happy—it's  
Hundreds of organizers recently gathered in New Mexico to celebrate progress on health care reform. Read more  
 if you agree  We can't condemn our kids to a planet that's beyond fixing.  

Another reason why it's so important to  
Read why  thinks  will be good for manufacturing and boost products  
Former Washington Governor Christine Gregoire on why the  will help protect the environment  
Expanding Medicaid isn't just practical—it's the right thing to do.  
Repealing  is still a bad idea. 
Keep the conversation on gun violence going until Congress will  about it  
"Outdated trade rules put our workers at a disadvantage—and TPP will change that." —President Obama  
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the  will put American workers first. 
Wind and solar energy are getting cheaper and cheaper—the  energy is happening. 
Add your name to the list of people asking Congress to  about gun violence  
Check out how these  volunteers are making a difference on gun violence in their community   
Retweet if you agree  It's time for Congress to put politics aside and  about gun violence. 
Our thoughts and prayers are not enough. It's time for Congress to  to prevent gun violence tragedies  
"This will not change until the politics change." —President Obama on gun violence  
Take a look at some of the most important recent stories on gun violence prevention   
Add your name if you agree it's time for Congress to  about gun violence in America. 
 Every hardworking American should earn enough money to support their family →   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the  Summit on Worker Voice. 
An  volunteer reflects on the trainings she received—that helped her land her dream job. 
 President Obama's trade deal =
More  exports abroad.
More higher-paying jobs here at home.  
Stand up for American workers—add your name if you agree it's time to  
The  establishes the highest labor standards of any trade agreement in history. 
The more U.S. goods sold abroad, the more higher-paying jobs are supported at home—another reason to  
"I refuse to leave our children a planet that's beyond their capacity to repair." —President Obama  
Add your name to support the most progressive trade deal in this nation's history   
 "Environmentalists praise wildlife measures in Trans-Pacific trade pact" →   
Great news  President Obama just secured a trade deal that puts American workers first.  
Twenty-three years and still going strong. Here's to many more.  
"Congress should do its job, stop kicking the can down the road, and pass a serious budget." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama urges Congress to pass a real budget. 
Private-sector jobs have grown for a record-breaking 67 straight months—but there's more to do.
More than 10,000 people die from gun violence in the U.S. each year—that can change.  
Our thoughts and prayers are not enough—it's time to take action. 
 Watch  speak on the tragic shooting in Roseburg, Oregon.  
 At 6 20pm ET,  will deliver a statement on the shooting in Oregon →  
 if you agree  It's time to make community college free for responsible students → 

Organizers across the country are working to prevent gun violence—state by state. Read more  
LAST CALL  Enter for a chance to meet President Obama.  
DEADLINE  Tonight. Time to make your move—chip in now.  
This is your chance to meet President Obama. (No joke.)  
You and a guest could fly to D.C. and meet the President. Enter now for your chance  
Give this grassroots movement a lift—become a recurring donor today   
Enter before midnight and you—and your BFF—could meet the President this fall.  
Better hurry—the deadline to show your support for this grassroots movement is tonight.  
Want to hear that laugh in person? Throw your name in before tonight's deadline   
Enter now and you could meet President Obama in D.C. this fall  
Coffee  √
Fall sweater  √
Meeting the President  ?

Enter before  ends   
Chip in to fight for real, lasting change   
Give it your best shot—enter today for your chance to meet the President   
In an interview with  President Obama lays out why we need to  before it's too late. 
This movement started with grassroots supporters just like you. Help keep it going—chip in $5 or more today  
Watch a  clip about President Obama's historic visit to a federal prison  
Don't miss the chance to meet President Obama this fall—all you have to do is enter  
 Watch  speak at the  General Assembly at 10am ET →   
Want to be the one walking through that door? Enter the contest now   
Beat the buzzer—the big fundraising deadline is almost here.  
Time's running out—don't miss your chance to meet President Obama.  
Do you hear that? It's the sound of a big fundraising deadline. Chip in now   
Fall is here—and so is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now   
Walk the walk—support the team that's fighting for today's important issues.  
Climate change is an issue that cannot be left for future generations—and  agrees   
You could win a chance to meet President Obama. (Let that sink in.) Enter now   
Don't cruise past this fundraising deadline. Chip in now   
With less than a week left to avert a shutdown, Congress is wasting time trying to take away women's access to health care. 
Change starts with people working together. Read how volunteers in Tucson are organizing to make change a reality  
Give your  an upgrade—enter now to meet President Obama   
17.6 million Americans covered—that's a number to celebrate   
Watch  say why it's so important for everyone to come together to   
Dress to impress—you could win the chance to meet President Obama. Enter now   
"Michelle and I extend our wishes for an easy fast to all those observing Yom Kippur." —President Obama
 “As the son of an immigrant, I’m happy to be a guest in this country, which was largely built by such families.” —
LIVE  Watch as  is welcomed to the White House.  
Get your camera ready—this is your chance to meet President Obama. Enter now   
LIVE  President Obama and others are greeting  at Joint Base Andrews. 
 . is coming to the White House.
Here's what you need to know →   
America doesn't need another shutdown—members of Congress need to do their job and pass a budget. Read more  
Hope you're ready—fall is here. 
Read how  volunteers in Tucson are working hard to bring change to their community. 
Climate change is real—and it's time to act.  (h/t  
 "If we keep moving forward...my daughters’ children will be able to cross that bridge in an America that’s more free" 
"There’s nothing principled about the idea of another government shutdown." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama calls on Congress to stop playing games with our economy and pass a budget. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the White House screening of  documentary on criminal justice reform. 
When women are empowered, extraordinary things happen. Read more   
Retweet if you agree.  
It's time to  what's good for workers and families is good for the economy  
The uninsured rate continues to fall—and that's no accident. Read about how  is making a difference  
"If you're eligible, commit to becoming a citizen today." —President Obama  
Investments in clean energy are boosting the economy—while fighting climate change.  
States and cities from the U.S. and China are pledging to  earlier than national targets. 
Since President Obama took office, the economy has seen the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record. 
Obamacare is working—and it's lowering the uninsured rate  
 Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It's what makes Am…
Since President Obama took office, the deficit has been reduced by more than two-thirds. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking with a group of business leaders at the  
Listen to President Obama's advice on going to college for high school seniors—including his oldest daughter. 
 We've come a long way since the financial crisis.
Take a look back at the progress we've made   
Be part of the team fighting back against misinformation with facts   
 “We’re giving you some news you can use!” — on the   
LIVE  President Obama is hosting a town hall on college access and affordability with high school students. 
Tune in at 4 40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability with high school students in Iowa  
"From my family to yours, Shanah Tovah." —President Obama on  
"Everyone should be able to find clear, reliable, open data on college affordability and value." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses another step in expanding  
 Watch  reflect on September 11, 2001.    
"The events of September 11, 2001, left a permanent mark on the spirit of every American." —President Obama 
"This vote is a victory for diplomacy ... and for the safety and security of the world." —President Obama on the  vote
Retweet if you agree that education should be available to all those willing to work for it.  
"I want two years of college to be as free and universal as high school is today." —President Obama 
Progress happens when people fight for it. Join the movement—say you're in   
"I believe that working Americans should have the basic security of paid leave." —President Obama  
LIVE  President Obama and  discuss the administration's plan to expand  
Tune in at 3 40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama and  speak in Michigan on expanding  
 Join the movement to make community college free for anyone willing to work for it  

Solar energy is heading toward a record-setting year for growth. Find out more  
Get the facts on one of today's most consequential foreign policy debates   
The Obama administration is pushing for paid leave and a higher minimum wage at the state and local level. 
 Watch why VP Cheney is just as wrong on the  as he was on Iraq →   
Check out Secretary of State  op-ed debunking some of the myths surrounding the  
The  has overwhelming support among leading scientists and non-proliferation experts. 
Today, America celebrates the grit and resilience of working families. Happy  
Today President Obama is expanding access to paid sick leave for about 300,000 federal workers.  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the Greater Boston Labor Council  Breakfast. 
 Big news   is expanding access to paid sick leave for 300,000 workers →   
"Plain and simple, a shutdown would hurt working Americans." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a budget and avoid a shutdown. 
It's a beautiful world. Let's fight to protect it. 
Go behind the lens with  photo gallery from President Obama's recent trip to Alaska. 
DEADLINE  Today is your last chance to show your support for updated overtime rules.  
Higher wages, 173,000 jobs added, and a dropping unemployment rate are all good news—but there's more work to do. 
 Good news  The unemployment rate fell to the lowest level since April 2008 last month →  
The economy added 173,000 jobs in August—a record-breaking 66 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
Under the  Iran can't build a secret nuclear weapon. Learn more  
 . busts a move with Alaskan middle schoolers     via  
Tomorrow is the last day—add your name if you agree it's time to  for millions of middle-class families  
Read why it's crucial to  protections for millions of working families. 
Read how the Obama administration is fighting to restore workers' rights for millions of hard-working Americans. 
 Watch  go behind the camera in Alaska to talk about the impacts of climate change  

President Obama is highlighting the effects of climate climate during his trip to Alaska. Check it out  
"Few things can have as negative an impact on our economy as climate change." —President Obama  
“Climate change is no longer some far-off problem; it is happening here, it is happening now." —President Obama 
Get a behind-the-scenes look at President Obama's trip to Alaska—the front lines in the fight against climate change. 
Make your voice heard on updating overtime rules before Friday's deadline    
It's official  Mount McKinley is now Denali.  
Read what former U.S. Secretary of State  Albright has to say about the  
 Follow along as  heads to the frontlines of our fight against climate change in Alaska →  
Find out how  is giving organizers around the country the training and management skills they need to succeed. 
"As long as I’m President, America will lead the world to meet the threat of climate change." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses his upcoming trip to Alaska and pledges to  
Read  thoughts on why it's vital for Congress to stand by the  
These professional fellows learned skills that will help them keep fighting for the issues that matter. 
Add your name—because in 2015, equal pay for equal work shouldn't be controversial.  
 "You know the sun comes out after every storm." — on the progress since Katrina and the work still ahead  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the rebuilding of New Orleans ten years after Hurricane Katrina.  
Tune in at 4 55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss  and the rebirth of New Orleans. 
Add your name if you believe that when women succeed, America succeeds   
 Secretary  spent 40 years on the nuclear physics faculty at MIT. Watch him explain the  science  
Meet Alexa—an  supporter who knows there's no better time to fight for progress than now. 
One organizer is sharing her story about continuing the fight for women’s rights  
This  say you'll continue the fight for progress.  
The fight for equality is not over.  
"No challenge poses a greater threat to our future than climate change." —President Obama  
 "We refuse to surrender the hope of a clean energy future to those who fear it and fight it." — 
Thanks  for keeping our lands and waters beautiful for 99 years—and counting.  
These fellows are fighting for progress by building new digital organizing skills. Read more  
Want to join the conversation on the  Add your name to get more information. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the National Clean Energy Summit.  
 Big  news today   is announcing $1 billion in new clean energy commitments   
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the National Clean Energy Summit in Las Vegas   
President Obama is announcing a plan to make it easier and cheaper for homeowners to  energy  
Investing in renewable energy helps fight climate change—and creates jobs.  
Find out how one young organizer is turning her outrage on the gender wage gap into action. 
Read why it's so important to stay informed and join the conversation on the  
"Congress left town for five full weeks—and they left behind a stack of unfinished business." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the need for Congress to pass a responsible budget. 
Add your name to get important information about the  make sure you have all the facts  
Leading scientists and non-proliferation experts are making their voices heard on the  
Today, two women are making history—becoming the first to graduate from the  Ranger School  
July was the hottest month ever recorded  
This is a big deal in the fight to curb climate change.  
Getting the full story on something as big as the  is important. Add your name to stay informed  
Follow the new "Letters to President Obama" Tumblr—starting with a letter thanking the President for  
Don’t let climate change deniers set us back. Add your name to support the Clean Power Plan  
Give 42 a round of applause today. Happy birthday,  
Change starts with one voice speaking out. Read one organizer’s story about the fight for women’s rights  
New limits on methane pollution will help curb climate change and protect public health   
Be part of the  fight back with facts   
Climate change deniers want to stop the Clean Power Plan. Don’t let them—add your name today   
 The 19th Amendment was ratified 95 years ago, giving every American woman the right to vote →  
Add your name if you're ready for cleaner, safer air    
 "Emma Didlake served her country with distinction and honor, a true trailblazer for generations of Americans" — 
Read about President Obama's latest move to reduce methane gas pollution from landfills   
WATCH  Find out why President Obama is heading to Alaska at the end of the month. 
Take a stand with state leaders committed to  Show your support for the Clean Power Plan  
Jon traveled 3,000 miles to change the conversation about climate change. Read more   
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses efforts to improve community policing. Watch now  
A majority of Americans favor a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants living in America  
Studies show that  is not “killing” full-time jobs like critics claim  
These three Marines lowered the American flag in  in 1961. Today, they raised it again  
Today is the 80th birthday of  lifeline to millions of Americans. 
Read about Jon's 3,000 mile journey to fight climate change   
Retweet if you believe it's time for action on climate change.  
Read President Obama's powerful letter to the editor on restoring the Voting Rights Act  
President Obama is heading to Alaska—the front lines in the fight against climate change. 
 "Michelle and I send our best wishes to President Carter for a fast and full recovery." — 
Expanding overtime protections will be good for women and good for families.  
The uninsured rate is now down to single digits for the first time—thanks to   
Expanding overtime protections will benefit millions of families. Add your voice to show support   
Read these stories from working moms and see why we need to  
"What makes America special is our capacity to change." —President Obama 
Read about how expanding overtime protections would help millions of Americans—and women in particular   
A new report shows that wind energy is booming—and now provides 73,000 jobs in the U.S. Read more   
 Listen to  and  discuss how the  prevents Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon → 
Check it out  President Obama answers tough questions on the  in an interview with  
Renewable energy is good for the economy.  
The President took readers' questions on the  in an interview with  Check it out  
DYK  States that embraced  and expanded Medicaid are seeing huge drops in uninsured rates. 
Show your support for this historic step in the fight to   
"The right to vote is one of the most fundamental rights of any democracy." —President Obama  
In the weekly address, the President commemorates the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act   
ICYMI  Read President Obama's thoughts on the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.  
Cleaner air is safer air.  
The economy is still improving—but there's more work to do. Read more about the latest jobs report  
The economy added 215,000 jobs in July—marking a record-breaking 65 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
"You've been a great gift to the country." —President Obama to Jon Stewart on   
 Watch this video to find out why the Clean Power Plan matters in the fight to  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act.  
Find out how you can support the Clean Power Plan. Read President Obama's message   
Stand with state leaders who are fighting to  with the Clean Power Plan  
From  Read why the Clean Power Plan is vital to the fight against climate change   
"It is surely the pursuit of peace that is most needed in this world so full of strife." —President Obama 
"As members of Congress reflect on their pending decision, I urge them to set aside political considerations.” —President Obama 
"As Americans, we should be proud of this achievement." —President Obama 
"Now we have before us a solution that prevents Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon without resorting to war." —President Obama 
"President Kennedy warned Americans not to see conflict as inevitable. It is time to apply such wisdom.” —President Obama 
"I have repeatedly challenged anyone opposed to this deal to put forward a better, plausible alternative." —President Obama 
"When we carefully examine the arguments against this deal, none of them stand up to scrutiny.” —President Obama 
"If Iran violates this deal, we will have ample opportunity to respond." —President Obama 
"Worry less about being labeled weak. Worry more about getting it right.” —President Obama 
"How can we in good conscience justify war before we have tested a diplomatic agreement that achieves our objectives?" —President Obama
“The choice we face is ultimately between diplomacy or some sort of war.” —President Obama 
“Walk away from this agreement and you will get a better deal—for Iran.” —President Obama 
“Those who say we can walk away from this deal and maintain sanctions are selling a fantasy.” —President Obama 
"We will continue to have sanctions in place on Iran's support for terrorism and violation of human rights."—President Obama 
“There is no scenario where sanctions relief turns Iran into the region's dominate power.” —President Obama 
“An argument against sanctions relief is effectively an argument against any diplomatic solution.” —President Obama 
"Without this deal, the scenarios that critics warn about happening in 15 years could happen six months from now." —President Obama
"The bottom line is, if Iran cheats, we can catch them—and we will." —President Obama 
“This deal is not just the best choice among alternatives—this is the strongest non-proliferation agreement ever.” —President Obama
“If Iran violates the agreement over the next decade all of the sanctions can snap back in to place.” —President Obama 
"Iran has powerful incentives to keep its commitments." —President Obama 
"This deal shuts off the type of covert program Iran has pursued in the past.” —President Obama 
"In July, we reached a comprehensive plan of action that meets our objectives." —President Obama 
"What was once proclaimed as a historic mistake is now held up as a success." —President Obama 
“The progress of Iran's nuclear program was halted for the first time in a decade.” —President Obama 
"It was diplomacy that ratcheted up the pressure on Iran." —President Obama 
"Winning this global buy-in was not easy. I know. I was there." —President Obama 
"What made our new approach more effective was our ability to draw upon new U.N. Security Council resolutions." —President Obama 
“It was our very willingness to negotiate that helped America rally the world to our cause.” —President Obama 
"I have also made clear my preference for a peaceful diplomatic resolution of the issue." —President Obama 
"Even before taking office, I made clear that Iran would not be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon on my watch." —President Obama 
"The question then is not whether to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, but how." —President Obama 
"Now more than ever, we need clear thinking in our foreign policy." —President Obama 
“More than a decade later, we still live with the consequences of the decision to invade Iraq.” —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at  about the importance of the  
Tune in at 11 20 a.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the historic  at  
Help President Obama celebrate another great year—wish him a happy birthday    
The Clean Power Plan is the most important step we've ever taken to  your support  
WATCH  We only get one planet—that's why it's so important to  
It's President Obama's birthday. Wish him a happy 54th    
 President Obama's  will ↓ carbon pollution from power plants by 32% by 2030 →  
If you're committed to  support the Clean Power Plan—add your name now   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about fighting climate change with the Clean Power Plan.  
Tune in at 2 15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss the importance of the Clean Power Plan   
Celebrate President Obama's birthday by wishing him a happy 54th    
 BREAKING  On Monday,  will release his  biggest step we've ever taken to 

Guess who has a birthday coming up? (Hint  It's   
"This week ... Medicare and Medicaid turned 50 years old. And that’s something worth celebrating." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the impact of Medicare and Medicaid on the 50th anniversary  
To  President Obama
Happy 54th!
From  You

Wish the Commander-in-Chief a happy birthday   
Tell the Organizer-in-Chief happy birthday—sign  card   
Across the country,  volunteers are making a difference in the fight to  
Sign  birthday card for President Obama    
 For 50 years   have been changing American lives. Happy Birthday   
Help President Obama cap off a great year. Wish him a happy birthday    
 97% of scientists agree, climate change is real and humans are a significant contributor. It’s time to 
Solar energy is booming.  
 Climate change threatens every country on the planet.
No nation is immune.
if you agree we need to  
You don't have to be a policy expert to make a difference on issues like climate change  
ICYMI  Some of America's largest businesses are investing in clean energy to cut carbon pollution.  
Study shows  leads to fewer uninsured Americans, better health, and improved access to care  
Read how  is training the next generation of digital organizers    
Join the team that's spreading the truth on the most important issues  
It's the final week of  take advantage. 
American businesses are pledging $140 billion to reduce carbon pollution and  
"We should reward drive, innovation, and fair play. That’s what Wall Street reform does." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the progress we've made because of Wall Street reform  
See what your state's minimum wage is with this state-by-state tracker   
Some states are making real progress to  Read more  
Have questions about the historic  Follow  for information and updates. 
Investing in energy efficiency and renewable energy will help cut consumer electricity bills. Read more  
States across the country are taking action to  for hard-working residents  
Great news  Jobless claims just fell to the lowest level in four decades. 
Carbon pollution from power plants is being reduced, even as the economy grows. Read more   
The President's  will be good for the economy—but opponents are standing in the way  
Check out the President's final appearance on  his newest "executive order"   
 The blue marble.
It's our home.
And soon,   will be able to take full snapshots of it every few hours. 
Nearly 10,000 Americans turn 65 every day. Stand up for a society that's ready for a changing America  
Opponents of common-sense immigration reform are standing in the way of progress  
"We still have more to do to make sure that people with disabilities are paid fairly for their labor." —President Obama 
"This is not just about American rights. It's about human rights." —President Obama 
"A few years ago I issued an executive order requiring the federal government to hire more Americans with disabilities." —President Obama
"Days like today are a celebration of our history. But they're also a chance to rededicate ourselves to the future." —President Obama 
LIVE  The President is speaking about the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
Tune in at 5 00 p.m. ET to watch the President speak on the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act  
"We are not just Americans, but citizens of Earth." —  
Stand with the President's plan to make sure more people have access to a secure and dignified retirement  
"This deal will make America and the world safer and more secure." —President Obama on the  
In the weekly address, President Obama explains the comprehensive  
Read how  volunteers are pushing to  in their communities   
Yesterday, President Obama became the first sitting president to visit a federal prison. Read some of the highlights  
"From my family to yours, Eid Mubarak!" —President Obama
Read why these three congressmen believe  is working  
Read how President Obama is laying the groundwork for criminal justice reform  
LIVE  The President is speaking about expanding high-speed broadband to low-income households. 
Tune in at 6 45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about ensuring internet access for all Americans  
Taking  is the right thing to do. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the  
Read the emotional exchange between the President and a former addict  
"If we keep taking steps toward a more perfect union ... America will move forward. There's nothing we can't do." —President Obama
"We cannot ignore the problems that we have, but we can't stop running the race." —President Obama
"We are not perfect, but we have the capacity to be more perfect—mile after mile, step after step." —President Obama
"Justice and redemption go hand in hand." —President Obama
"Justice is living up to the common creed that I am my brother's keeper and I am my sister's keeper." —President Obama
"Justice is making sure that every young person knows that they are special and their lives matter." —President Obama
"Justice is not only the absence of oppression—it is the presence of opportunity." —President Obama
"Let's reward prisoners with reduced sentences if they complete programs that make them less likely to repeat an offense." —President Obama
"I've asked my Attorney General to start a review of the overuse of solitary confinement in our federal prisons." —President Obama
"We should not tolerate conditions in prison that have no place in any civilized country." —President Obama
"On Thursday, I will be the first sitting president to visit a federal prison." —President Obama
"We should pass a sentencing reform bill through congress this year." —President Obama
"For nonviolent drug crimes, we need to lower long mandatory minimum sentences—or get rid of them entirely." —President Obama
"Don't just tag them as future criminals. Reach out to them as future citizens." —President Obama
"We have to restore trust between our police and some of the communities where they serve." —President Obama
"We gotta make sure boys and girls in those communities are loved and cherished and nurtured and invested in." —President Obama
"What doesn't make sense is treating entire neighborhoods as danger zones." —President Obama
"We recognize that every child deserves opportunity. Not just some. Not just our own." —President Obama
"One study found that for every dollar we invest in Pre-K, we save at least twice that in reduced crime." —President Obama
"If we make investments early in our children, we will reduce the need to incarcerate those kids." —President Obama
"I believe crime is like any other epidemic—we need to stop it before it starts." —President Obama
"For the first time in 40 years, America's crime rate and incarceration rate went down at the same time." —President Obama
"This is a cause that is bringing people in both houses of Congress together." —President Obama
"Mass incarceration makes our country worse off—and we need to do something about it." —President Obama
"Our criminal justice system isn't as smart as it should be." —President Obama
"Our nation is being robbed of men and women who could be workers and taxpayers." —President Obama
"Around one million fathers are behind bars. Around one in nine African-American kids has a parent in prison." —President Obama
"African Americans are more likely to be arrested. They are more likely to be sentenced to more time for the same crime." —President Obama
"A growing body of research shows that people of color are more likely to be frisked, stopped, questioned, detained." —President Obama
"African Americans and Latinos make up 30 percent of our population. They make up 60 percent of our inmates." —President Obama
"Roughly one-third of the Justice Department's budget now goes toward incarceration." —President Obama
"For $80 billion we could double the salary of every high school teacher in America." —President Obama
"Every year, we spend $80 billion to keep those folks incarcerated." —President Obama
"In far too many cases the punishment does not fit the crime." —President Obama
"Over the last few decades, we've locked up more and more nonviolent drug offenders for longer than ever before." —President Obama
"If we're going to deal with this problem, and the inequities involved, we're going to have to speak honestly." —President Obama
"Our prison population has doubled in the last two decades alone." —President Obama
"In 1980, there were 500,000 people behind bars in America ... Today, there are 2.2 million." —President Obama
"The United States is home to 5 percent of the world's population, but 25 percent of the world's prisoners." —President Obama
"In too many cases our criminal justice system becomes a pipeline from underfunded schools to overcrowded jails." —President Obama
"There is a long history of inequity in the criminal justice system in America." —President Obama
"We can't be satisfied—are not satisfied—until the opportunity gap is closed for everybody in America." —President Obama 
"Health care is not a privilege for the few, but a right for all of us." —President Obama
"We made progress, but our work is not done." —President Obama 
"I would not be here and so many others would not be here without the NAACP." —President Obama
"Let's get something out of the way up front  I am not singing today." —President Obama
LIVE  The President is speaking about criminal justice reform at the  National Convention.  
Tune in at 4 05 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver remarks at the  National Convention   
Congratulations to  on completing a three-billion-mile journey.  
 Full video  Watch  speak on the historic deal to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.  
WATCH  Get the facts on why it's time to  protections for millions of workers. 
 BREAKING   just granted clemency to 46 people whose sentences didn't fit their crimes. 

Read the President's op-ed in  on the importance of protecting Americans’ retirement savings  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the 2015 White House Conference on Aging.  
Tune in at 11 15 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks at the  Conference on Aging   
"Too often, where people live determines what opportunities they have in life." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, the President discusses how to make it easier for communities to adopt the Fair Housing Act  
The President just took steps to protect more than one million acres of public land   
The uninsured rate is now at the lowest level to date—thanks to  
 We love you, NYC!   
Be part of the movement working for lasting, progressive change    
Everyone deserves the same benefits, no matter who they love.  
Read  Biden's thoughts on how marriage equality makes our country a better place   
 Great news  Federal marriage benefits will be available to same-sex couples nationwide →  
Thanks to  women are saving more than a billion dollars in out-of-pocket contraceptive costs. 
Add your name if you think it’s time to expand overtime protections for hard-working Americans   
"You inspired a whole new generation of young women." —President Obama to the   
Add your name—because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay   
 We're generating 20 times more solar electricity than when  took office →   
Expanding overtime protections will improve the lives of middle-class families. Read more   
Read how the Obama administration plans to help renters and low-income homeowners gain easier access to solar energy  
Add your name if you think it's time to  protections for hard-working Americans  
Expanding overtime protections will benefit nearly five million Americans. Show your support—add your name today  
ICYMI  Read why President Obama's plan to update overtime rules is a big deal for middle-class workers. 
Because a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay. 
"Good luck to the U.S. Women’s National Team in the World Cup Final!" —President Obama  
"From my family to yours, have a safe and happy Fourth of July." —President Obama 
Happy Fourth of July. 
Updating overtime pay rules will benefit nearly five million American workers   
"Happy Fourth of July, everybody. God bless you. God bless America." —President Obama
"If we're walking down that road together, we're going to get there faster." —President Obama
"The last seven years—shoot, the last seven days—should remind us there's nothing America cannot do." —President Obama
"When the playing field is level, American workers always win." —President Obama
"No middle-class family should be priced out of the education that they need." —President Obama
"In America, a hard day's work deserves a fair day's pay." —President Obama
"This is an issue of basic fairness  If you work longer and you work harder, you should get paid for it." —President Obama 
"Over the past couple of years, 17 states, almost 30 counties and cities have taken action to raise the minimum wage." —President Obama
"We're stronger together than we are by ourselves." —President Obama
"Folks forget sometimes—unions are what helped bring about the 40-hour work week." —President Obama
"We need to boost the minimum wage. Give America a raise." —President Obama 
"The bottom line is  Top-down economics doesn't work. Middle-class economics works." —President Obama
"We've been talking about the middle class since before it was cool." —President Obama
"Middle-class economics works." —President Obama
"Not only are more people getting health care, businesses are able to start giving raises to their workers." —President Obama
"The uninsured rate in America is now the lowest on record." —President Obama 
"We put in place the toughest Wall Street reform in history that's protecting main street from another crisis." —President Obama
"Today our high school graduation rate is at an all-time high." —President Obama
"We've added nearly 900,000 new manufacturing jobs." —President Obama
"And by the way, our teachers are underpaid." —President Obama
"We've got to make folks feel like their hard work is getting them somewhere." —President Obama 
"12.8 million new jobs, and that's good—but we've got more work to do." —President Obama
"All told, we've now seen 64 straight months of private-sector job growth, which is a new record." —President Obama
"This morning, we learned that our businesses created another 223,000 jobs last month." —President Obama
"America has always done better economically when we're all in it together. When everyone gets a fair shot." —President Obama
"The freedom to marry who you love—that's now open to all of us. That's a good thing." —President Obama 
"It's been a remarkable few weeks in America." —President Obama
"No matter where you live, this is a special time of year to be an American." —President Obama
LIVE  President Obama is at  speaking about economic progress. 
Tune in at 2 30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about the progress made on the economy  
In the past two years, the U.S. economy has created 5.6 million jobs—the strongest two-year job growth since 2000  
The economy added 223,000 jobs in June—marking 64 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
Three of the world's biggest economies announced new goals to  
“We want to educate people, we want to listen to folks, we want to hear good ideas from all sources." —President Obama 
"I'm hoping that what we can do now is focus on how we can make it better." —President Obama 
"This wasn't about politics—this was about people." —President Obama
"The thing I've never lost sight of, though, is that this is about people." —President Obama
"I'm feeling pretty good about how health care is going." —President Obama 
"Not only has the law worked better than expected ... but it's ended up costing less than people expected." —President Obama 
President Obama   has made health care stronger, more secure, and more reliable.
"You're able to get free preventive care, including mammograms, as a consequence of this law." —President Obama
"Everybody who has health insurance benefited and continues to benefit from this law." —President Obama
LIVE  The President is speaking about the benefits of  and how to continue progress on health care reform. 
Tune in at 2 30 p.m. ET to watch the President discuss how we can build on the progress made under  
 BREAKING  Watch  announce that the U.S. has agreed to formally reestablish diplomatic relations with  
LAST CALL  Enter for your chance to fly to Hawaii and relax in paradise.  
Say you'll keep up the fight—show your support and chip in before midnight   
BUZZER BEATER  There's not a lot of time left on the clock. Chip in $5 now.  
 "To see people gathered in the evening…and to feel that they have the right to love—that was pretty cool." — 
TONIGHT  Don't miss your chance to see Hawaii. Enter before the deadline.  
"Too many Americans are working long days for less pay than they deserve." —President Obama on overtime pay 
Don't miss your shot to chip in before tonight's deadline   
Help break the silence on gun violence in America. Join the fight for common-sense reform  
You've never seen greens like this. Enter now for your chance to win a trip to Hawaii   
 "This was a true bipartisan achievement and it’s a reminder of what we can get done…when we work together" — 
Chip in—the deadline is quickly approaching   
Organizing in paradise—the only thing missing is you   
Add your name if you agree that it's time to stand up and do something about gun violence in America  
"For too long, we’ve been blind to the unique mayhem that gun violence inflicts upon this nation." —President Obama
Sign up for your chance to see firsthand how organizing is making a difference in Hawaii   
Better hurry—the deadline to chip in is right around the corner   
You could be organizing in paradise   
The President is acting where he can, but we need Congress to pass a comprehensive solution to fix our broken system. 
Over the past two years, the House’s failure to take  has cost the country $26.8 billion.
The bill would have put millions of people on a path to citizenship and grown the economy by a cumulative $1.2 trillion. 
Two years ago today, the Senate passed a bill to fix our broken immigration system with a bipartisan majority. 
"The Affordable Care Act still stands. It is working, and it is here to stay." —President Obama  
In the weekly address, the President reaffirms how the Supreme Court ruling on  is a victory for America  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Charleston honoring the life of Reverend Clementa Pinckney. 
Watch the President's full statement on the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage equality.  
History.  
Retweet to spread the word.  
This ruling is a victory for friends, families, and organizers who fought tirelessly for years for marriage equality. 
"America should be very proud." —President Obama 
"Those countless, often anonymous heroes—they deserve our thanks." —President Obama 
"What a vindication of the belief that ordinary people can do extraordinary things." —President Obama 
"Today we can say in no uncertain terms that we've made our union a little more perfect." —President Obama 
"America is a place where you can write your own destiny." —President Obama 
"For all our differences, we are one people—stronger together than we could ever be alone." —President Obama 
"When all Americans are treated as equal, we are all more free." —President Obama 
"This ruling is a victory for America." —President Obama 
"All people should be treated equally, regardless of who they are or who they love." —President Obama 
"This morning the Supreme Court recognized the Constitution guarantees marriage equality." —President Obama 
"We are all created equal." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking on today's historical decision on marriage equality.  
 Today is a big step in our march toward equality. Gay and lesbian couples now have the right to marry, just like anyone else. 
Affordable health care is a right for all, not a privilege for a few. 
"This was a good day for America. Let's get back to work." —President Obama 
"That's when America soars—when we look out for one another." —President Obama 
"What we're not going to do is unravel what we've woven into the fabric of America." —President Obama 
"We're making progress. We're going to keep working to get more people covered." —President Obama 
"With this case behind us, let's be clear  We've got more work to do." —President Obama 
"This reform remains what it's always been  a set of fair rules and tougher protections." —President Obama 
"Across the country, there are people who are directly benefiting from the law and don't even know it." —President Obama
"Five years in, this is no longer about a law ... This is health care in America." —President Obama 
"This law is now helping tens of millions of Americans." —President Obama 
"This is not a set of political talking points. This is reality. This law is working." —President Obama 
"As the law's provisions have gradually taken effect, more than 16 million Americans have gained coverage so far." —President Obama
"America would have gone backwards. That's not what we do. We move forward." —President Obama
"The Affordable Care Act is here to stay." —President Obama 
"When the dust has settled, there can be no doubt that this law is working." —President Obama 
"In America, health care is not a privilege for the few but a right for all." —President Obama
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about today's  ruling. 
Tune in to hear the President give a statement about today's  ruling at 11 30 a.m. ET  
Hawaii is leading the way on some of the most important issues. Enter for the chance to see that progress firsthand  
Repealing  still a bad idea. 
More Americans don't have to worry about medical bills breaking the bank—thanks to  
Aloha, Oahu   
Hawaii has been a national leader in the progressive movement. Celebrate that progress—and you could win a free trip  
It doesn't get much better than the chance for a free trip to Hawaii. Enter today   
New report  Left unchecked, climate change presents catastrophic risks to human health.  
 Join the  conversation on public health around today's White House summit →  
 Our state legislators and  just took action to support hardworking families. Congrats, Rhode Island. 
Game on.  
The benefits of fighting climate change are clear—the sooner we  the better off we'll be. 
Repealing  would leave 19 million Americans without the security of health care  
If  is repealed, the national debt could increase by $137 billion  
It's a win-win.  
"In a relentlessly-changing economy, we’ve got more work to do." —President Obama on growing economic opportunity 
Fighting climate change with solar power creates jobs.  
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses creating new pathways of economic opportunity for all Americans  
Retweet if you agree. 
The EPA's standards for trucks will save billions of dollars while decreasing carbon pollution   
Legislators across the country are consistently attacking women's rights. It's time to fight back   
Reducing carbon pollution is a job creator. Read more from   
 Worth a read   on  encyclical urging action on climate change →   
 Full video  Watch President Obama's statement on the tragic  
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in South Carolina. 
"From my family to yours, Ramadan Kareem." —President Obama
Find out why it's economically beneficial to  from  
Follow up  More on bees. 
This is an ongoing battle. Be on the front lines of the fight for women's rights   
In only three months, state legislators introduced 332 provisions restricting choice   
Investing in the clean energy industry is an important way to  
These investments put us $4 billion closer to clean energy solutions   
 the news  We're announcing $4 billion in new clean energy  investments →   
Let's. Go. Hawks. 
Economic growth is just one way  See how your state will benefit from more  
Because  hundreds of thousands of young people are closer to the American dream. 
"On Flag Day ... we pay tribute to this banner of hope and opportunity." —President Obama  
"Trade that’s fair and free and smart will grow opportunity for our middle class." —President Obama  
In the weekly address, the President discusses our growing economy and why it's so important that we  
States like Hawaii are leading the fight against climate change   
Read why President John F. Kennedy believed trade was integral to America’s prosperity and security   
This is what's at stake for workers across the country if Congress votes no on expanding TAA  
For 41 years, TAA has been a lifeline for millions of workers. Today, Congress can make sure that lifeline continues. 
From  Why it's so important for the United States to  
200 trillion gallons of rain fell in May—the wettest month on record.  
Expanding  is vital to America's success in a global economy  
Climate change is already affecting our communities. That's why the President is taking steps to  now. 
Hawaii just set a goal of generating 100 percent of its electricity from renewable resources   
This is how  is making health care in America better  
Stand up for expanding  for hard-working students   
"It’s up to all of us ... to help make the right to health care a reality for all Americans." —President Obama 
According to a recent poll, a clear majority of Americans don't want federal  subsidies rolled back  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the benefits of  at  
Tune in at 11 50 a.m. ET to watch the President discuss how  has improved our health care system  
Celebrate  with the person who brings out the best in you. 
 "All the G-7 countries have now put forward our post-2020 targets for reducing carbon emissions" —  
Read why former U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk thinks it's time for the United States to  
Stand up for expanding  for hard-working students   
"I’m going to keep doing everything I can to make our immigration system more just and more fair." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, the President discusses  and fixing our broken immigration system. 
"Beau Biden was an original. He was a good man. A man of character. A man who loved deeply and was loved in return." —President Obama
Read a few wise words from Beau Biden, and see the incredible legacy he leaves behind. 
If you think access to higher education is a key to success, stand up for   
With higher hourly wages and 280,000 new jobs, May's jobs report is good news for our economy. 
If all 50 states expanded Medicaid, they would save billions of dollars and thousands of lives. Read more  
The economy added 280,000 jobs in May—marking 63 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
There's been a lot of progress on LGBT equality, but there's more work to do. Add your name to join the fight  
 FACT  States refusing to expand Medicaid through the ACA are leaving 4.3 million uninsured →  
This shouldn't be a partisan issue. It's time to  
It's more fun to run with a friend.  
Keep the momentum going in the fight for equality. Add your name now   
Here's one way to spark change  Share what LGBT equality means to you. 
Join the team that's fighting for LGBT equality   
People across the country are  today to stand up against gun violence. 
When all Americans are treated equally—no matter who they are or whom they love—our country will be a better place. 
 “One of my core principles is that I will never engage in a politics in which I’m trying to divide people” — 
Your story matters in the fight for LGBT rights—share it here  
It takes courage to share your story. 
Be on the right side of history. Add your name to continue the fight for equality   
Happy Pride Month.  
"For all that Beau Biden achieved in his life ... nothing claimed a fuller focus of his love and devotion than his family." —President Obama
Watch President Obama address key national security measures and reforms in the weekly address  
Add your name to join the team fighting back against climate change denial    
"Let us carry his legacy forward." —President Obama on President John F. Kennedy, born 98 years ago today 
Another reason why health care reform is so important to millions of Americans. 
New clean water provisions will help protect the health of 117 million Americans. Read more   
 A sea level rise of just 1 foot could cost America $200 billion. It's time to   
Read this blog from  and Jo-Ellen Darcy on why protecting water sources is so important   
Enforceable labor and environmental protections are just a couple of reasons why America needs to  
Read about the hurricane preparedness briefing the President is receiving in Miami today   
A huge step forward in making sure our drinking water is clean.  
Read why  are essential to prevent pollution and protect our drinking waters  
When 97 percent of climate scientists agree, it's time for the deniers to put politics aside and  
 BREAKING NEWS  Our Clean Water Rule has been finalized.  Learn more   
These  will protect America's drinking water from polluters. 
Millions of Americans are counting on this. 
 Sally Ride would've been 64 today.
Here's how she inspired us to reach for the stars →  
Cities nationwide are answering the President's call to  and  
The President is pursuing the most progressive trade agreement in U.S. history. You can help fight for it, too  
 At 11 20am ET, watch President Obama speak on  at Arlington National Cemetery →  
"Americans gave everything they had—not for glory ... but for something greater than themselves." —President Obama 
Today is the last day to get your application in for the  Summer Fellowship program  
Watch President Obama pay tribute to the United States Armed Forces in the weekly address   
If the U.S. doesn't  others will. Let's make sure America writes the rules in this global economy  
America needs to lead the way and   
The deadline to be part of the summer  program is tomorrow—apply here  
LIVE  The President is speaking to the Adas Israel Congregation in celebration of Jewish American Heritage Month. 
Love is winning    
Read how the Obama administration is stepping up to protect honeybees and other pollinators  
 A sea level rise of just 1 foot could cost America $200 billion.

It's time to   
Check out the President's speech at the United States Coast Guard Academy on why it's so important to  
This is about making sure there's a level playing field for American workers in the global economy.  
TV won't be the same without Dave. 
America needs to  If you want trade policy that's tough, progressive, and transparent, add your name  
 The planet is getting warmer.
Glaciers are melting.
Sea levels are rising.

It's time to  
"This cannot be subject to the usual politics and the usual rhetoric." —President Obama on climate change 
"It will not be easy, it will require sacrifices, and the politics will be tough. But there is no other way." —President Obama 
"The only way the world is going to prevent the effects of climate change is to slow down the warming of the planet." —President Obama
"Climate change—and especially rising seas—is a threat to our homeland security." —President Obama 
"Denying it or refusing to deal with it endangers our national security." —President Obama on climate change 
"Cadets, the threat of a changing climate cuts to the very core of your service." —President Obama to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy graduates
"The planet is getting warmer. Fourteen of the 15 hottest years on record have been in the past 15 years." —President Obama 
"The best scientists in the world know that climate change is happening." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is delivering the keynote address at the commencement ceremony of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy. 
Tune in at 11 35 a.m. ET to watch the President deliver a commencement speech at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy  
This is why health care reform matters. 
 Celebrate 50 years of  with President Obama and these cute kids from Kansas →  
Bees. 
This is your opportunity to get your start in community organizing  
It's time to do away with Mad Men-era workplace policies—add your name if you agree   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking to youth and local law enforcement in New Jersey. 
Welcome  the official government account of the President of the United States.
What will it take for climate change deniers to  
"We want a place where you can make it if you try. That’s the promise we make to our young people." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of expanding opportunity for all Americans  
This is about leveling the playing field for American workers in the global economy—say it's time to  
 President Obama applauds the Senate on taking an important step toward a trade deal that benefits American workers. 
You could be the next great grassroots organizer. Here's how   
"There’s going to be one killer blues session in heaven tonight." —President Obama on the passing of  
"When it comes to a woman's health, no politician should get to decide what's best for you." —President Obama  
This is a real step forward in creating a fair environment for the roughly 40 million Americans with student debt  
It's the  challenge, presidential style. 
This shouldn't be an issue in 2015.  
Yumi used to think she couldn't make a difference—now she's helping DREAMers in her community. Read her story  
It's time for the United States to  your name if you agree  
America needs to  by making sure any deal lives up to our values. (graphic via  
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those we lost last night." —President Obama on the Amtrak derailment
Add your name if you think it's time to treat paid leave like the economic priority it is   
It's time to do better by working families. Let's  
 if you agree  It’s time to expand opportunity by investing in early childhood education.  
Sign on if you agree that working families deserve paid leave   
NASA leads the world in the exploration and study of planets. Let's not let climate change deniers change that  
 Watch President Obama surprise moms across the country to wish them a  
As we continue to celebrate mothers, let's make sure workplace policies live up to what they deserve   
It's time to give American workers the security of paid leave.  
"We will be forever grateful for what these remarkable men and women did." —President Obama 
WATCH  President Obama honors the 70th anniversary of VE Day in the weekly address  
President Obama visits his 50th state today. See White House photographer  gallery from the first 49  
In the last 62 months, over 12.3 million private-sector jobs have been added to the economy. Read more  
"When the playing field is level, nobody beats the United States of America." —President Obama 
"If any agreement undercuts working families—I wouldn’t sign it." —President Obama 
"If you are opposed to these smart, progress trade deals, that means you must be satisfied with the status quo." —President Obama
"We have to make sure America writes the rules of the global economy." —President Obama 
"If we don't write the rules for trade around the world, guess what  China will." —President Obama 
"I view smart trade agreements as a part of middle-class economics." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about trade in Beaverton, Oregon. 
Tune in at 12 15 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on trade in Beaverton, Oregon  
The economy added 223,000 jobs in April—that's a record 62 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
Too many elected officials are still in denial about climate change. Join the team holding them accountable  
Carbon pollution in the atmosphere has hit a dangerous milestone. It's time for action, not denial.  
That time President Obama didn't need an anger translator to show how much we need to   
Addressing climate change isn't just good for our planet and our economy—it's good for our health   
 Community
College
Should
Be
Free.
 
 
Add your name if you're ready to   
David Letterman and President Obama discussed retirement plans last night. Take a look  
This  volunteer is fighting to make the world better for her grandchildren. 
Working families deserve paid leave.  
Happening now  President Obama delivers remarks for the launch of the My Brother's Keeper Alliance at  
Tune in at 2 35 p.m. ET to watch the President speak at the launch of the My Brother's Keeper Alliance. 
The science is clear—climate change shouldn't be ignored.  
"A great education can be within everyone’s reach." —President Obama 
WATCH  In the weekly address, President Obama reiterates his commitment to expanding access to education. 
Teachers have the ability to influence their students for life.  and share how important yours were  
 Who's ready for 
Share a photo in your college gear to celebrate students pushing to  
Know someone who would be perfect for this fellowship? Here's where to apply  
 "I want boys and girls studying all the subjects and getting good at all the subjects" —President Obama  
President Obama runs into a group of schoolchildren while walking near the White House. WARNING  cuteness ensues. 
Read President Obama's op-ed in the  on why we can't wait to  
LIVE  The President takes a virtual field trip and discusses improving access to libraries for students.  
Read how this fifth-grade teacher helped inspire the President of the United States   
Our education shapes who we become. Share who inspired you, and  today  
Check out President Obama's interview with  on why America needs to  
 Great to see  expand paid leave benefits.
Now it's time for Congress to   
. fellowship program is all about training the next generation of grassroots organizers. Be a part of it  
LIVE  President Obama honors the 2015 National Teacher of the Year.  
 Watch President Obama speak on the situation in Baltimore. 
If you aspire to be a better community organizer, this is for you  
Thanks to health care reform, people have more options—just another reason Americans are  
Congratulations to Loretta Lynch, who was sworn in as U.S. attorney general today, the first African-American woman to hold the post.
ICYMI  Watch President Obama's full remarks to  supporters last week. 
LIVE  Watch the 2015 White House Correspondents' Dinner.  
Cecily Strong hosts the White House Correspondents' Dinner tonight at 8 p.m. ET. Watch it here  
"We can’t surrender to the future—because we are meant to win the future." —President Obama  
In the weekly address, the President discusses how the new trade deal will benefit American workers and businesses  
Farmers can fight climate change. Read about the Obama administration's new plans to help   
If you know someone looking to take their organizing skills to the next level, send them here  
America can't stand by and let other countries  We have to step up and write free and fair trade rules. 
"You give me hope. You guys are doing extraordinary things." —President Obama to  supporters
"Talk to your friends, talk to your neighbors, talk about why this work matters." —President Obama to  supporters
"If I didn't think this was the best thing to do for working families, I would not be doing it." —President Obama 
"We've got to fight for trade that benefits our workers—on our terms." —President Obama 
"I've been fighting income inequality since before it was cool." —President Obama
"My entire presidency has been about helping working families." —President Obama
"The status quo isn't working for our workers." —President Obama 
"It's not just good for our businesses, it's good for our workers." —President Obama 
"It's the most progressive trade agreement in our history." —President Obama 
"We want to make sure we win the future. That's what America is about." —President Obama
"America needs to write the rules of the global economy. We can't leave it to somebody else." —President Obama 
"This set of trade agreements that we're looking at is vital to middle-class economics." —President Obama 
"Today, more than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health insurance." —President Obama
"I'm proud of all of you, and I hope all of you are proud of what we've done together." —President Obama to  supporters
"You guys sound fired up!" —President Obama at the  Spring Summit
LIVE on   President Obama is speaking at the 2015 Spring Summit. 
You won't want to miss this. 
Here’s a reminder from  of a few challenges the EPA has conquered in the past   
Apply to be an  fellow today to make a difference in your community  
 President Obama will deliver a statement from the White House Briefing Room at 10am ET. Watch here → 
 So is President Obama's 3-point game. 
 President Obama &amp;  meeting w/ 4th graders from Miami to talk about  in honor of  
"We are blessed with the most beautiful God-given landscape in the entire world ... We have to be good stewards for it." —President Obama
"This is not some impossible problem that we cannot solve. We can solve it if we have the political will." —President Obama 
"No matter who you are, no matter where you live, our parks ... are your birthright as Americans."  —President Obama  
"Every dollar invested in the National Park Service generates $10 for the American economy. That's a good investment." —President Obama
"Climate change can no longer be denied. It can't be edited out. It can't be omitted from the conversation." —President Obama 
"The Pentagon says that climate change poses an increasing set of risks for global security." —President Obama 
"If we don't act, there may not be an Everglades as we know it." —President Obama 
"I can't think of a better way to spend Earth Day than in one of our greatest national treasures, the Everglades." —President Obama
LIVE  President Obama is discussing the threat climate change poses to our economy and to the world.  
Tune in at 3 05 p.m. ET to watch the President speak in Everglades National Park about fighting climate change  
 So is the historic agreement between the U.S. and China last fall to cut carbon pollution.
 So are the actions President Obama is taking to tackle it. 
The United States needs to  and sell more goods that are  
Help organizers from across the country get the training needed to take their skills to the next level  
If you want to take your organizing skills to the next level, this is for you—apply to be an  fellow now  
WATCH  This is why it's important for the United States to  
 President Obama is headed to  on  to discuss the need to   
"This week, we embrace our cherished lands and waters, and celebrate the ways they enrich our nation." —President Obama 
"Let us seize this opportunity to experience all our great outdoors has to offer." —President Obama  
"Climate change can no longer be denied—or ignored." —President Obama  
WATCH  In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his commitment to  
ICYMI  Check out the full video from the  on equal pay, child care, and more. 
This article debunks six big myths on climate change   (h/t  
 Not talking about it won't make the science disappear.  
"We shouldn't have to choose between rewarding work and raising a family." —President Obama
"Things like paid leave, paid sick days, child care, equal pay—these are family issues and these are economic issues." —President Obama
"Anything that holds women back holds back the entire country." —President Obama 
"Ensuring equal pay for women is a no-brainer." —President Obama 
"Because our workplaces have changed, we have to change with them." —President Obama 
"I believe in broad-based economic growth ... that's why we call it middle-class economics." —President Obama
"We all have a part to play to make sure that everybody's got a fair shot in this society." —President Obama
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at a Champions of Change event highlighting people fighting for working families. 
Tune in at 2 10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama celebrate Americans who are fighting for working families  
Happy  
LIVE  The White House is hosting the eighth annual Soldier Ride with the Wounded Warrior Project. 
 "That's part of the power of the internet, making sure people don't feel alone on these issues" —Obama  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking with  and  about equal pay, paid leave, and more.  
It's time for everyone to see equal pay and child care as the economic priorities they are   
 Please join us in a moment of silence today. 
Don't miss today's  with  and  in Charlotte at 2 35 p.m. ET  
 Women make less than men in almost every field 4 years after graduation. It's time to change that.  
"When women succeed, America succeeds." —President Obama 
It's time.  
Climate change deniers are running out of excuses.  
 Why are there so many photos about rainbows?
 takes you behind the lens →  
Another reason Americans are  
"Two years of community college should become as free and as universal as high school is today." — Joe Biden 
In the weekly address,  Joe Biden talks about the plan to make community college free for two years. 
WATCH  The Obama administration supports a ban on conversion therapy to protect America's youth. 
President Obama is working with Caribbean leaders to make clean energy a priority. Find out how   
Retweet if you agree  We have to  now. 
 . I've treated many patients with asthma, so this issue is very important to me.  -VM ht…
Read how one organizer found his inspiration to take action  
"16 million people or more have health insurance that didn't have it before." —President Obama on  
Check out these great photos from this year's    
 It's a moral imperative to protect the rights of  workers. Today we make another step toward workplace equality  
Man-made climate change is happening, and it's a real threat to public health. Read more here  
Today marks an important milestone for civil rights. Read more from  
The White House is expanding "Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day" to kids who don't have a workplace to visit  
 to share how we're expanding our use of solar power under President Obama →   
Now is the time to  
Read how President Obama is working to minimize public health risks from climate change   
The House's budget is based on trickle-down economics that have failed working families. See how it could affect you  
Happy  
 Knockouts.   
This would be huge for working families   
Today is the 137th White House Easter Egg Roll. Check out the celebration here   
WATCH  In the weekly address, President Obama talks about the historic understanding reached with Iran. 
"From my family to yours, Chag Sameach." —President Obama 
 The Evolution of Mom Dancing 2 - Special thanks to     
The President is launching an initiative to train 75,000 Americans—including veterans—to join the solar workforce  
"We've got to lead by example, invest in the future, train our workers to get jobs in the clean energy economy." —President Obama
"We've got to be relentless in our work to grow the economy and create new jobs." —President Obama
"Since I took office, solar electricity has gone up twenty-fold." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is in Utah talking about training American workers for clean energy jobs.  
Tune in at 1 p.m. ET to watch President Obama at Hill Air Force Base in Utah discuss the importance of clean energy  
Our economy added 126,000 jobs in March, the 61st consecutive month of private-sector job growth.
 Happy 5th Birthday 
Watch President Obama and President Underwood take you behind the scenes → 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Louisville, Kentucky, about the economy. 
Tune in at 5 50 p.m. ET to watch the President deliver remarks on our economy in Louisville, Kentucky  
We need a budget that works for every American—not just the wealthy few. 
Happening now  The President is delivering a statement on Iran. 
This 9-year-old girl stood up for what she believes in, and then got a letter back from the President  
Read how  is a major reason why we’ve seen an estimated 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths  
Renewable energy investments are up 17 percent globally from 2013. Read more  
The budget resolutions Congress passed would devastate programs millions of middle-class families rely upon. 
Climate change is a global problem. Here's another step towards solving it   
Get ready for the final sprint. You have until midnight to enter ... Go!  
This shouldn't be a debate.  
 America is taking steps to  and the world is joining us →  
You could talk about anything—even compare jump shots. Enter now   
Be one of the people building this grassroots movement from the ground up  
Stay calm, but act fast  There's one day left to enter for the chance to meet President Obama.  
Another nation commits to  announced it would cut carbon pollution 25 percent by 2030  
Free flight, free hotel, and a chance to meet the President? Enter today   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the life and legacy of Senator Ted Kennedy in Boston. 
"Protecting working Americans’ paychecks shouldn’t be a partisan issue." —President Obama 
WATCH  The President highlights the progress made since he signed Wall Street reform into law five years ago. 
You've got this   
Check this off your bucket list.  
"Time and time again,  stood up to special interests and made sure every one of his constituents had a voice." —President Obama
Wouldn't it be nice to fly to D.C. to meet President Obama? Here's your chance  
If you believe in this grassroots movement for change, make an investment in its future—chip in today  
"There's nothing we can't do if the American people decide it's time." —President Obama
"We're also our brother's keeper ... our sister's keeper. We're also a country that believes everyone gets a fair shot." —President Obama
"Wall Street reform, what we passed five years ago, is protecting working families and taxpayers." —President Obama
"I want to invest in basic research so the jobs and industry of the future take root here." —President Obama
"The deficit has come down by two-thirds since I've been president." —President Obama
"I want to put more people back to work—rebuilding our roads and our bridges, modern ports, faster trains, faster internet" —President Obama
"These ideas are not about ideology—the reason we proposed these ideas is because we know they work." —President Obama
"Two years of community college should be as free and universal as high school is today." —President Obama 
"Thanks to the hard work of the American people, America's coming back." —President Obama
"More than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health insurance." —President Obama 
"In America, if you work hard, you can get ahead." —President Obama
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the economy at Lawson State Community College in Birmingham, Alabama. 
Tune in at 4 10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the economy at Lawson State Community College  
Add your name. 

Get entered to win a trip for two to D.C. 

Meet the President. 

It's that easy. 


Get ready—enter for your chance to meet President Obama   
Read how these three women's lives and careers are  
This is a free trip for two to our nation's capital—and you'll get to meet President Obama  
"It's the end of discrimination against the sick in America." —President Obama on how we're  
Think you can nail the punchline? Here's your chance   
LIVE  President Obama is talking about the success of the Affordable Care Act. 
"It is unbelievable what so many of these young people have accomplished." —President Obama  
WATCH  President Obama talks with 6-year-old "Supergirls" at the  
Share what inspired you to get involved, and be automatically entered to meet the President   
Read how  has been an "amazing catalyst for job creation and innovation." 
Five years ago, health care reform became law. Since then, it's helped 16M people get covered   
On the fifth anniversary of health care reform, see how America is   
“Actual facts show that the Affordable Care Act is good for our economy." —President Obama  
WATCH  The President calls on the Senate to stop playing politics and confirm Loretta Lynch as Attorney General. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about helping all young Americans reach their full potential at the  
 Tune in at 1pm ET for some amazing short films at the 2015  →  
Vote on the Flunked-Science Four now    
The President announced a 40% cut in federal carbon pollution over the next decade, saving $18 billion.  
America needs a budget that builds a stronger middle class—not one that revisits failed policies. 
It's that time of year. Check out the Presidential Bracket.  
"We know what works. We know what we have to do. We've just got to put aside the stale and outmoded debates." —President Obama
"Today I announced nearly $500 million in new public and private investment for American manufacturing." —President Obama
"I've proposed making two years of community college as free and universal as high school is today." —President Obama
"I want to make sure all our kids get a great education from the earliest age." —President Obama
"Republicans in Congress have put together the same proposals year after year after year." —President Obama
"The Republican budget would strip health insurance for millions of Americans." —President Obama
"There's nothing I'd like more than an opposition party that works with me to let hard-working Americans get ahead." —President Obama
"Reality has rendered it's judgement  Trickle-down economics does not work, and middle-class economics does." —President Obama
"We've emerged from what was a once-in-a-generation crisis, better positioned for the future than any of our competitors." —President Obama
"Since I took office, we've cut our deficits as a share of our economy by about two-thirds." —President Obama
"More than 16 million Americans have gained the security of health care coverage." —President Obama
"The typical family this year should save more than $700 at the pump." —President Obama
"Every three weeks we produce as much solar power as we did in all of 2008."  —President Obama
"Today there are more job openings in the United States than any time since 2001." —President Obama
"We're now in the midst of the longest streak of private-sector growth on record." —President Obama
"America's businesses have added more than 200,000 jobs each month for 12 straight months." —President Obama
"Do we retreat from the realities of a 21st century economy, or do we advance together?"—President Obama
LIVE  President Obama speaks at the City Club of Cleveland about the importance of middle-class economics. 
Tune in at 2 55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about middle-class economics in Cleveland, Ohio. 
Read the President's reply to a high school student's letter about the unequal distribution of school supplies  
Happy Saint Patrick's Day. 
WATCH  President Obama discusses  with students from across the country. 
Before this round ends, help decide who advances in the Climate Change Fantasy Tournament   
Thanks to  16.4 million more Americans have the security of health coverage. 
In the weekly address, President Obama lays out his plan for quality, affordable higher education for all Americans  
Read how the Obama administration is fighting state bans on same-sex marriage   
Time to weigh in—who deserves the  title? 
For real though   
  Just two dudes sharing a high five. Watch Jimmy interview President Obama TONIGHT on   
We've already tripled wind energy in America, but there's more we can do.  
Who will take home the title of  Vote now   
 If you submit a video on your high school and the  FLOTUS might speak at graduation.  
ICYMI  Nearly 11.7 million Americans enrolled in health care through the open marketplace. 
Solar power is growing at record rates, supporting American jobs and helping fight climate change   
We're making big strides in combating climate change—but more can be done.  
"No matter who you are or where you come from, not only can you succeed, but you can help everybody else succeed." —President Obama
"Inspire us. Lead us. Be the Americans that we need you to be." —President Obama 
"Change doesn't happen by itself. It happens because people get organized." —President Obama
"You're not just investing in yourself—you're investing in your nation." —President Obama 
"We're trying to make sure that across the board more and more young people can afford to go to college." —President Obama
"I sent Congress a bold new plan to bring down the cost of community college to zero." —President Obama 
"I'm only standing here because of scholarships and loans and work study." —President Obama 
"I believe America is not a place where higher education is a privilege reserved for the few." —President Obama 
"The ability to compete in the global economy depends on us having the world's most skilled, best educated workforce."  —President Obama
"Your most valuable asset is your imagination." —President Obama 
"Today a college degree is the surest ticket to the middle class." —President Obama 
"After the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes, over the past five years our economy has created 12 million new jobs." —President Obama
"I believe that higher education is one of the best investments anybody can make in their future." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is talking to students at  about how to make college in America more affordable. 
Tune in at 1 30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama discuss college affordability at  
 Our march is not yet finished, but we're getting closer.

  
Watch President Obama and  reflect on their visit to Selma   
"Women make immeasurable contributions to our world." —President Obama  
 POTUS invited an old friend, Edith Childs, to his town hall. Edith was the first to say "Fired Up, Ready to Go!!" 
"We honor those who walked so we could run. We must run so our children soar." —President Obama  
"What a glorious task we are given, to continually try to improve this great nation of ours." —President Obama  
"We respect the past, but we don’t pine for the past. We don’t fear the future." —President Obama  
"We know America is what we make of it." —President Obama  
"We can make sure every person willing to work has the dignity of a job, and a fair wage, and a real voice." —President Obama 
"With effort, we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity." —President Obama  
"This is work for all Americans, and not just some. Not just whites. Not just blacks." —President Obama  
"Selma teaches us, too, that action requires that we shed our cynicism." —President Obama  
"If Selma taught us anything, it’s that our work is never done." —President Obama  
"Young people can draw strength from this place, where the powerless could change the world’s greatest power." —President Obama 
"That’s what this movement was all about—one leg in our long journey toward freedom." —President Obama  
"What greater form of patriotism is there than the belief that America is not yet finished." —President Obama  
"What could be more American than what happened in this place?" —President Obama  
"They proved that nonviolent change is possible. That love and hope can conquer hate." —President Obama 
"What enormous faith these men and women had—faith in God, but also faith in America." —President Obama 
"It was not a clash of armies, but a clash of wills; a contest to determine the true meaning of America." —President Obama 
"There are places and moments in America where this nation’s destiny has been decided ... Selma is such a place." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the Edmund Pettus Bridge on the 50th anniversary of the Selma marches.  
Tune in at 2 35 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Selma, Alabama    
WATCH  President Obama discusses the need to encourage the education of girls around the globe.  
Learn about the legacy of Selma, listen to stories from courageous civil rights activists, and  
 “Do not get cynical about what’s possible." —President Obama to young people at  
LIVE  President Obama is participating in a town hall at  about youth opportunities. 
Our economy added 295,000 jobs last month—that's a record 60 consecutive months of private-sector job growth  
 Find out how you can make a difference in the lives of some incredible young people →  
The number of uninsured Americans continues to drop within the first two months of 2015  
The unemployment rate dropped in every single state during 2014—the first time that's happened in 30 years. 
President Obama's progressive trade deal would mean stronger protections for workers and the environment  
If you're passionate about marriage equality, take a look at this progress—state by state   
 Worth a read  The First Lady on  announcing new steps to help  around the globe  
"Every girl deserves an education." —President Obama  
LIVE  President Obama and  discuss expanding efforts to help  around the world. 
"Throughout history, extraordinary women have fought tirelessly to broaden our democracy's reach." —President Obama 
The excuses not to  need to end. 
In the weekly address, the President talks about ensuring that all hard-working Americans can retire with dignity. 
Six hours until a Homeland Security shutdown.  to pass the bipartisan funding bill now.
"Long before being nerdy was cool, there was Leonard Nimoy." —President Obama 
We can't govern from crisis to crisis. Add your name if you support a long-term plan to   
"You shouldn't feel like you can't make mistakes at this point." —President Obama to Noah McQueen  
 if you agree  It's time for Republicans in Congress to stop playing politics with our national security.  
Great news  Today, the  voted in favor of a free and open internet.  
Missed the  on immigration reform last night? Watch it here  
IMPORTANT  Congress is only one day away from another shutdown.  
 . hosts an immigration town hall with Pres. Obama on Wednesday at 8 pm ET only on  

 Esta noche  te presenta el “Encuentro con Obama”. Envía tus preguntas al hashtag =&gt;  
We're just two days away from another shutdown—your voice matters more than ever. Add your name   
Consumer protections for retirement savings are critical for middle-class families. Read why   (via 
Tell new congressional leaders  more manufactured crises over politics  
ICYMI  A comprehensive immigration reform bill sat on Speaker Boehner's desk for more than 500 days. 
Some in Congress would choose not to fund  rather than fix our broken immigration system. 
"It's time to end the era of manufactured crises." —President Obama on  
Let congressional leaders know that another shutdown is the last thing we need. Add your name now   
Reminder  The debate in Congress right now is supposed to be about funding the Department of Homeland Security. 
 "In America, after a lifetime of hard work, you should be able to retire with dignity and a sense of security." —Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is talking about how strengthening retirement security is good for the middle class. 
Only two months on the job, the new Congress is already threatening a partial government shutdown.  
In the weekly address, the President discusses opening new markets to grow the economy and support good-paying jobs  
Every day is  
Here are eight ways  has proved the critics wrong   (h/t 
It's more than health insurance—it's peace of mind. 
LIVE  The President announces new national monuments and an initiative to protect the nation's unique outdoor spaces. 
"Trade has an important role to play in supporting good-paying, middle-class jobs in the U.S." —President Obama 
Too many lawmakers still deny the science of climate change. Call them out now    
The Affordable Care Act is helping millions of families—we can't go back now. 
 BREAKING  About 11.4 million Americans are signed up for private health coverage.  

 Look who's helping kids 
 ✓
 ✓
 ✓
 ✓
The First Lady ✓
 
The deadline is here. Go   
 Today is the LAST DAY to    
Last call for health insurance this year   
"Nothing will determine our success as a nation in the 21st century more than how well we educate our kids." 
Get it done today   
In the weekly address, the President lays out his plan to ensure more kids graduate from school ready for the future  
Just like your favorite romantic comedies—but with benefits   
The United States can make real progress on climate change. Read more from  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the White House  at  
Make sure your loved ones are covered    
Speaking of  
So, this happened   
No more games—Congress should stop the political posturing and make progress on immigration.  
Three days left    
Happening now  President Obama discusses taking action against ISIL. 
The President discusses the importance of health care and marriage equality progress in his interview with  
Of all the things you do today, getting covered before the enrollment deadline could be the most crucial   
It's the final countdown  Only five days left in the enrollment period.  now.  
It's time to  Watch  
Joshua got covered so that he could stay healthy—without worrying about expensive premiums. 
Repealing the Affordable Care Act would mean millions of Americans could lose their health insurance  
President Obama sat down with  to discuss health care, the economy, and America's position in the world  
Watch the message that aired tonight during the  from President Obama   to stop sexual assault. 
Watch  In the weekly address, President Obama highlights the country's economic progress. 
Watch  These people are why the Affordable Care Act matters. 
"Let's roll up our sleeves, work together, and try to get something done." —President Obama
"I'm not pushing these ideas for my sake. I'm pushing them because I think this is where America needs to go." —President Obama 
"At a time when the economy is picking up speed and growing again, we've got to work twice as hard." —President Obama
"I want to make sure that this is a country where hard work is rewarded." —President Obama
"We have risen from recession, freer to write our own future than any nation on earth." —President Obama
"America is poised for another good year... as long as Washington works to keep this progress going." —President Obama
"And, in the single most hopeful sign for middle-class families, wages are starting to go up again." —President Obama
"Over the past 59 months, the private sector has added almost 12 million new jobs." —President Obama
"In 2014, our economy created 3.1 million jobs—and that's the best year of job growth since the 1990s." —President Obama
LIVE  The President answers questions from students and faculty at Ivy Tech Community College in Indianapolis. 
Tune in at 2 15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama take questions from students on jobs and education at a town hall  
The economy added 257,000 jobs in January, part of the strongest three-month growth since 1997. Let's keep it going  
Good news  Wind and solar energy have tripled since 2008. 
WATCH  No one's invincible.  
Jake has coverage he can count on, for less than he expected.  
The last chance to  for 2015 is only days away. Find a plan today   
Today, President Obama met with young immigrants whose lives are positively affected by  
Not that much time left to  
 Help commemorate  on all of us to get involved and make a positive impact  
Check out President Obama's comprehensive budget plan, and see how he's investing in middle-class families  
"We have to pass a budget that gives middle-class families the security they need to get ahead in the new economy." —President Obama
LIVE  President Obama discusses how his budget will bring middle-class economics into the 21st century. 
 Okay, campers, rise and shine. Another attempt to repeal Obamacare is making it coooold out there today.
"I will keep doing everything I can to help more working families make ends meet and get ahead." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama lays the foundation for focusing on middle-class economics  
Check getting covered off of your to-do list. Find a plan that works for you before the February 15th deadline  
Climate change deniers, take note  The vast majority of Americans agree that it's time to  
Happening now  President Obama speaks about investing in precision medicine to improve health and disease treatment. 
Six years ago, the President signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act—but the fight for equal pay is far from over. 
Parents will always worry about their kids. Give them some peace of mind— today.  
 Worth a read  President Obama on his blueprint for middle-class economics →   
Get a state-by-state breakdown on how much the President's  will benefit the economy  
9.5 million Americans have signed up for coverage—and we're not done yet. 
. stops by  with a message for young adults  Give your mom some peace of mind and  
If you need health insurance, find a plan that's right for you right now   
"People want to see an agenda that moves us all forward." Read President Obama's latest message to  
 Big news  President Obama just announced a comprehensive plan to protect Alaska’s Arctic National Wildlife Refuge → 
Watch the weekly address  We have to do everything we can to help more Americans get ahead in the new economy. 
"Somewhere, the sun is shining, the air is fresh, his team's behind him, and Mr. Class—'Mr. Cub'—is ready to play two." —President Obama
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors. Watch here  
These senators are at odds with 97% of climate scientists and NASA.  
Watch  Don't be THAT person. Stop waiting around and  today. 
"I am deeply committed to protecting this core constitutional right." —President Obama on the 42nd anniversary of 
Happening now  President Obama is being interviewed by  stars Bethany Mota, GloZell Green and Hank Green. 
Read President Obama's latest message to  supporters after his State of the Union address  
Find out which senators just went on the record to say that man-made climate change isn't real   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at  about middle-class economics. Tune in  
Next stop  Kansas. Tune in at 12 25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama talk about middle-class economics. 
 After his State of the Union address, President Obama sent a message for OFA supporters. Read it here  
LIVE  A day after his State of the Union address, President Obama is in Idaho spekaing at  Tune in  
President Obama is doing what he can to fight for middle-class families. Take a stand on this  
It's  Check out the schedule of White House staff answering your questions. 
Let's go. 
 The cynics are wrong. If you refuse to give in to cynicism, this is the movement for you   
"Let’s begin this new chapter—together—and let’s start the work right now." —President Obama  
"My fellow Americans, we too are a strong, tight-knit family. We, too, have made it through some hard times." —President Obama 
"I want future generations to know that we are a people that see our differences as a great gift." —President Obama 
"If you share the broad vision I outlined tonight, join me in the work at hand." —President Obama  
 "I said this because I had seen it in my own life, in a nation that gave someone like me a chance." —Obama  
"It’s possible to shape a law that upholds our tradition as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants." —President Obama 
Retweet if you agree    
"I’ve seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom." —President Obama 
"I know the good, and optimistic, and big-hearted generosity of the American people." — President Obama 
"I still believe we are one people. I still believe that together, we can do great things, even when the odds are long." —President Obama
"I know how tempting such cynicism may be. But I still think the cynics are wrong." —President Obama 
"Leading — always — with the example of our values. That’s what makes us exceptional. That’s what keeps us strong." — President Obama 
"I will not let this Congress endanger the health of our children by turning back our efforts." —President Obama  
"14 of the 15 warmest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century." —President Obama  
"No challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change." —President Obama  
The science is clear  We have to   
"When what you're doing hasn't worked for 50 years, it's time to try something new." —President Obama 
 America should lead on science and technology and Americans should win the race on the kinds of discoveries that unleash new jobs.…
 "We need a tax code that truly helps working Americans" —Obama   
"We need a tax code that truly helps working Americans trying to get a leg up in the new economy." —President Obama 
"When it comes to issues like infrastructure and basic research, I know there’s bipartisan support in this chamber." —President Obama 
"21st century businesses will rely on American science, technology, research and development." —President Obama 
"Let’s pass a bipartisan infrastructure plan that could create more than 30 times as many jobs per year.” —President Obama 
"To every CEO in America  If you want someone who will get the job done and done right, hire a veteran." —President Obama 
"As a new generation of veterans come home, we owe them every opportunity to live the American dream they helped defend." —President Obama
"Free community college is possible—and I want to spread that idea all across America." —President Obama 
 If you're nodding your head during President Obama's  you should be part of this  
"That’s why I am sending this Congress a bold new plan to lower the cost of community college—to zero." —President Obama 
“We still need laws that strengthen rather than weaken unions, and give American workers a voice.” —President Obama  
"If you truly believe you could work full-time and support a family on less than $15,000 a year, go try it." —President Obama 
"It's 2015. It's time." —President Obama on equal pay 
"Send me a bill that gives every worker in America the opportunity to earn seven days of paid sick leave." —President Obama 
"We’re the only advanced country on Earth that doesn’t guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave." —President Obama 
Paid leave should be a right for all workers—not just a privilege. Let's   
 "It’s not a nice-to-have—it’s a must-have. It’s time we stop treating child care as a side issue" —Obama  
"Middle-class economics means helping working families feel more secure in a world of constant change." —President Obama 
"This country does best when everyone gets their fair shot." —President Obama 
 "In the past year…about 10 million uninsured Americans finally gained the security of health coverage." —Obama 
 It's time for Congress to help build an economy that works for everyone and not just for a few. 
“Tonight, together, let’s do more to restore the link between hard work and growing opportunity for every American.” —President Obama 
Retweet if you agree with President Obama.  
Millions more now have the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance, thanks to   
"In the past year alone, about 10 million uninsured Americans finally gained the security of health coverage." —President Obama 
“Over the past five years, our businesses have created more than 11 million new jobs.” —President Obama 
"In two weeks, I will send this Congress a budget filled with ideas that are practical, not partisan." —President Obama 
 We’ve fought our way back from economic crisis. It’s time for Congress to build on that momentum. 
"It's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next 15 years, and for decades to come." —President Obama 
"We salute the courage and sacrifice of every man and woman in this 9/11 generation who has served to keep us safe." —President Obama 
"More of our kids are graduating than ever before. More of our people are insured than ever before." —President Obama 
"Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis." —President Obama 
"Tonight, after a breakthrough year for America, our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999." —President Obama
LIVE  President Obama is delivering the State of the Union to Congress. Watch here   
 President Obama's suiting up for the big speech. Watch at 9pm ET →   
Here's the best place to watch President Obama deliver his sixth State of the Union at 9 00 p.m. ET   
Add your name  Take a stand for middle-class families.  
 While watching the  tonight, here's a fun game to play with friends. We call it Denier Bingo   
If you think it's time for Congress to get to work on an agenda that moves us forward, add your name   
Watch  President Obama gives a behind-the-scenes look into tonight's  address. 
Tonight, the President will lay out how he plans to fight for middle-class families. Say you'll stand alongside him  
Don't miss the State of the Union address at 9 00 p.m. ET tonight. Tune in here   
Ready?   
 "Go to  to find a project happening right now near you." —President Obama   
"From Dr. King's courage, we draw strength and the resolve to continue climbing toward the promised land." —President Obama 
Get ready  In the State of the Union, President Obama will outline policies to help middle-class families.  
"All of us have a right to be proud of the progress America has made." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama previews his State of the Union address on Tuesday. Watch here   
Wishing  the happiest birthday today. Thanks for being an inspiration every day of the year. 
 The cast of the West Wing ✓
 ✓
Cheese puns ✓
Big Block of Cheese Day is coming back.
Watch → 
It's official  2014 was the hottest year on record.  It's time to 
Thanks to  fewer people are facing financial distress because of medical bills. More from  
Retweet if you believe solar energy is critical to America's future. 
LAST CALL  Enroll now and have health insurance on February 1st. 
Read the latest op-ed from  about the importance of paid family leave   
Enroll today for health insurance that starts on February 1st   
ICYMI  President Obama wants your internet to move faster.  
The U.S. solar industry is booming. Read more from   
Today is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on February 1st.  
President Obama is working to cut harmful methane emissions. More from   
LIVE  The President is discussing new steps to help Americans get access to  
Tune in at 3 40 p.m. ET to watch President Obama lay out new steps to increase access to  
Instead of passing comprehensive immigration reform, the House just voted to roll back progress. It's time for solutions, not politics.
Tomorrow is the last day to enroll for health coverage that begins on February 1st. Check your options   
 BREAKING  Watch President Obama announce new steps to help more Americans access  → 
The deadline to  is coming up fast. Don't miss your chance to find a plan that works for you  
Have health insurance on February 1st. Sign up today.   
Over 58 straight months of growth, the private sector has added 11.2 million jobs. 
Great news  At the start of 2015, workers in twenty states saw an increase to the minimum wage.  
"When we Americans put our minds together and our shoulder to the wheel, there's nothing we can't do." —President Obama 
"I hope Congress joins us in this national movement to protect the privacy of our children." —President Obama 
"Michelle and I are like parents everywhere—we want to make sure our children are being safe and smart online." —President Obama
"We want our kids privacy protected—no matter where they sign on." —President Obama 
"I'm announcing new steps to protect the identities and privacy of the American people." —President Obama 
"If we're going to be connected, then we need to be protected." —President Obama 
"Today, I'm focusing on how to better protect American consumers from identity theft." —President Obama 
WATCH  President Obama is speaking at the Federal Trade Commission about tackling consumer privacy. 
Watch the President speak at 11 55 a.m. ET about ways to tackle identity theft and improve confidence in technology  
"America is coming back. And I want to go full speed ahead." —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address  President Obama discusses America's resurgence and how he'll continue to build progress. 
LIVE  The President is in Knoxville discussing new initiatives to help Americans go to college.  
FACT  The annual average unemployment rate fell 1.2 percent between 2013 and 2014, the largest decline since 1984.
It's official  The economy added 252,000 jobs in December, making 2014 the best year for job growth since 1999. 
 BREAKING  Watch President Obama announce his  proposal →  
LIVE  President Obama is in Arizona speaking about the middle class and the housing market. 
President Obama is speaking at 12 45 p.m. ET about how far the housing market has come since the recession. Tune in  
If you don't have health insurance,  today  
Great news  The uninsured rate in the U.S. has dropped to 12.9 percent.  
"America's coming back. And I'm going to be on your side every step of the way." —President Obama 
"We may not all be rooting for the Lions, but America is rooting for Detroit." —President Obama
"Saving the American auto industry was the right thing to do." —President Obama 
"No matter how tough times get, Americans are tougher." —President Obama 
"We can help every American get the education they need to get ahead in this country." —President Obama
"America's resurgence is real. Don't let anybody tell you otherwise." —President Obama 
"We've now had a 57-month streak of private-sector job creation." —President Obama 
"Last year was the strongest year for job growth since the 1990s." —President Obama 
"Detroit always comes back." —President Obama
LIVE  The President is speaking about his decision to save the American auto industry and over 1 million jobs. 
 The resurgence of the American auto industry in 3 GIFs →   
Tune in at 3 45 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak from Michigan about the resurgent American auto industry  
Having health care is a big deal. Check out your options today   
Don't forget  This is why we fought for health care reform. 
 Today was Bao Bao's first time playing in the snow! And she totally rocked it. 
After almost a week into the new year, keep up your  resolution by getting covered  
 Retweet to help celebrate the first day of same-sex marriages in the Sunshine State.  
"Obamacare's guaranteed health coverage changes lives in first year" More from  
Take care of yourself today— for tomorrow  
"I will miss Stuart Scott ... Over the years, he entertained us, and in the end, he inspired us—with courage and love." —President Obama
Watch the weekly address   Biden wants people to  in the new year. 
Today is a great day to  
Make getting health insurance one of the first things you do this year  
Here's to a happy and healthy 2015.
LAST CALL  Chip in to keep building a truly grassroots movement. 
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE  Chip in now to keep pushing this movement forward. 
Own a part of this movement—chip in now  
What motivates you to fight for change? Take this one-question survey  
Before the ball drops, make sure you chip in to help fight for change in 2015  
Let's fight for progress next year   
President Obama wants to know what's at the top of your agenda in 2015  
Not much time left—chip in and help start 2015 strong  
This is how grassroots organizing is making progress in the fight to reduce gun violence  
Your support is building a movement of millions  
This deadline matters for anyone who believes in fighting for change—chip in today  
Don't let up. Keep fighting for what you believe in—chip in right now  
Your voice matters. Own a piece of this movement, and let's start 2015 off strong   
You can make a difference for next year right now—chip in today  
Take this survey—it's only one question   
Let's start 2015 strong—chip in right now  
Take a moment and say what you're ready to fight for in 2015  
See why 2014 was a breakthrough year for America  
Chip in to be a part of this movement for change  
There's a lot to do next year—chip in right now  
Your commitment makes this grassroots movement what it is. Own a piece of it   
Send a message—show you stand with progress in 2015  
This will take you less than a minute   
Chip in if you want to help make progress on the issues you care most about next year  
President Obama  "I won't stop fighting for the American people until the day I leave this office. That's a promise." 
This is a big deadline—don't miss out. 
Answer this one question survey  What issue will you keep fighting for in 2015? 
Read President Obama's latest message to  supporters about fighting alongside him in 2015  
Grassroots organizing  This is worth investing in. 
"Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes to those celebrating Kwanzaa this holiday season." —President Obama
ICYMI  Our economy is growing at its fastest pace in 11 years. 
Watch President Obama and the First Lady wish all Americans a merry Christmas and happy holidays  
Have a merry Christmas. 
Say hello to friends you know and everyone you meet. 
LAST CHANCE  Sign this holiday card for President Obama before it's too late. 
Plan ahead and   
President Obama vowed that 2014 would be a year of action. Read how he delivered on that promise  
 Wages  ↑
GDP  ↑
Consumer spending  ↑
Business investment  ↑
 
In the third quarter, the U.S. economy grew at its strongest rate in over a decade. Read more  
Only a few hours left to make sure your name is on  holiday card for President Obama  
It's the holiday season—sign this card for President Obama  
You care about your loved ones. So make sure they get covered   
There's still time to sign the  holiday card for the President   
"Pick any metric you want—America’s resurgence is real." Watch President Obama's weekly address  
When you're with your family this holiday season, talk to your loved ones about getting covered  
In this week's address, President Obama reflects on the progress we made in 2014. 
Five reasons why 2014 was a breakthrough year for America   h/t 
Happening now  President Obama is holding a news conference. Tune in here  
Be prepared.  today    
Send season's greetings to President Obama—you can even include a personal note  
After nine years, the best source of "truthiness" is coming to an end. Congratulations  
You don't need a stamp to send this holiday card   
These folks are ready to lead in the fight against climate change   
Wish the President happy holidays. Sign OFA's card  
"Number of Uninsured Americans Near Historic Low" More from   
It's beginning to look a lot like holiday card season. Sign  card for President Obama   
"Obamacare’s Best Week Yet Brings 1 Million New Sign-Ups" More from  
Sign  holiday card for President Obama—then send a note to tell him what you'll be fighting for in 2015  
Happening now  President Obama delivers a statement on Cuba. 
WATCH  President Obama took action to protect Bristol Bay in Alaska, one of America's greatest natural treasures. 
Chag Sameach. 
 ICYMI  Our economy just experienced a record-setting 57 straight months of job growth in the private sector. 
Year in review  The U.S. economy took a major step forward in 2014. 
LAST CALL  There are only a few hours left to enroll for coverage that starts January 1st.  
Today is your last chance to enroll for health coverage that starts New Year's Day  
Get covered today  Sign up right now to get health coverage that begins January 1st. 
"When the world calls on America, we call on you—our men and women in uniform." —President Obama 
"We're free and safe and secure over here because you're willing to serve over there." —President Obama 
"We can never thank you enough." —President Obama addressing the troops 
"When it comes to our troops ... We stand united." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is in New Jersey thanking the troops for all they do for our country. Tune in  
President Obama is speaking to American troops at 2 45 p.m. ET to express his gratitude for their service  
DEADLINE  Sign up today for health insurance that starts on January 1st.  
You don't have much time left to start 2015 with health insurance. Sign up here   
Tomorrow's deadline to  for the new year is important  Don't miss it.  
Get covered today, and you'll have health insurance on day one of 2015  
Tomorrow is the deadline to enroll for health coverage that starts January 1st. Sign up right now   
You don't have much time left to get health insurance by January 1st.  now   
Start 2015 with health insurance    
"No one sacrifices more to preserve our blessings than our extraordinary men and women in uniform." —President Obama 
There are only  to get health coverage on January 1st. Don't wait any longer   
Watch  In the weekly address, President Obama thanks American men and women in uniform. 
If you're thinking about having a  make sure you  
 Want a   For coverage on Jan 1, you'll need to sign up by Dec 15. Just  
Focus on what matters this holiday season. Make sure your loved ones   
 Give yourself a  by getting covered today!  is here to help   
Exercise and health insurance  Two ways to have a   
A big part of a  is making sure you have health insurance  
 14 days left until Christmas, 20 days left until the New Year and  to  
 Just a reminder, RE  Heathcare, I'm a big fan.  to  at  -- your body will th…
President Obama's  could have a big impact on reducing the deficit. 
During this season of giving, save a donation to support grassroots organizing  
Sign up now to be covered in the new year    
Celebrate the holiday season with the ones you love—and make sure they  
"This is an issue that's bigger than politics." —President Obama on early childhood education 
"Early education is one of the best investments we can make." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the White House Summit on Early Education. Watch here   
Already covered? Make sure to check out your options    
President Obama's  could give our economy a big boost   
Immigration reform makes both moral and economic sense. Read more from  
"This is what makes America exceptional. We welcome strivers, and we welcome dreamers from all across the world.” —President Obama
“Immigrants have been a net plus to our economy and a net plus to our society.” —President Obama 
“We just need Congress to work with us to create a common-sense law to fix this immigration system.” —President Obama 
"We're going to bring more undocumented immigrants out of the shadows so they can play by the rules." —President Obama 
"The best way to solve this system is by working together." —President Obama 
"Nashville has one of the fastest growing immigrant populations in the country ... They are us." —President Obama 
LIVE  The President is holding a town hall meeting in Nashville about  Watch here  
The President will speak in Nashville at 3 25 p.m. ET about how to fix our broken immigration system. Tune in  
Watch  Last night, President Obama sat in for  during "The Word". 
President Obama sits down with  tonight at 6 p.m. ET. Watch a preview here  
In Arizona, a group of  fellows have become difference-makers. Read more  
Side with cleaner air, not big polluters  
You have the power to make history. Apply to become an  spring fellow—the deadline is today  
Holidays can be hectic. Take this off your mind   
Stand up for clean air   
ICYMI  57 months of job growth = the longest streak on record. Read more  
"We still have a lot of work to do together. But we have real, tangible evidence of our progress." —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address  We're making real economic progress—but we have to keep it up. 
In just the first two weeks of enrollment, 1.5 million Americans applied for affordable health coverage  
The President proposed new standards for smog-forming pollution. Add your name to fight for cleaner air  
The Clean Air Act has been improving air quality for over 40 years—read what  wrote about proposed updates  
Our economy has created 2.65 million jobs so far this year, higher than any full year since the late 1990s. 
 "Last month, America's businesses created more than 300,000 jobs." —President Obama  
Our economy added 321,000 jobs in November, the most in nearly three years   
Retweet if you want to see solutions, not political games.  
Instead of votes that make our broken immigration system worse, we need solutions. Say you're tired of the games  
LIVE  Celebrate the start of the holiday season by watching the National Christmas Tree lighting at the  
The House just voted to make our broken immigration system worse, not better. It's time for comprehensive solutions. 
A first-class opportunity for anybody wanting to sharpen their grassroots organizing skills  
You've got options. Take a look    
Read the President's latest op-ed on why he acted on immigration   
WATCH  President Obama is speaking at the 2014 White House Tribal Nations Conference. 
Be prepared.   
Big news  More than 200 U.S. companies are supporting the President's plan to cut carbon pollution from power plants. 
Have you checked your options yet?  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the economy. Tune in  
WATCH  President Obama is discussing progress in the fight against Ebola. 
Don't wait to  Check out your options today  
 Introducing the first-ever 3D-printed presidential portrait. Watch how the  made it → 
Make history in your community   
Getting covered is easier than you think  
"Let's recommit ourselves to achieving an AIDS-free generation in our lifetimes." —President Obama  
  Sign up for quality health coverage TODAY!  
President Obama is taking a big step towards fixing our broken immigration system. Stand up for  
 Affordable health care won't break the bank. Shop to  on  at  → 
Now accepting applications   is running a specialized program to train grassroots organizers of all levels. 
Check out the offers on this marketplace today    
Check this off your to-do list  Find quality, affordable health care.   
Make sure everyone in your life who needs it knows the health care marketplace is open again   
There's no better time to be thankful for your health––but make sure you're prepared for anything   
The most important marketplace open today   
Jeff is the entrepreneur he always dreamed he’d be—because of health care reform. Read more   
Be thankful for your health—but be smart about your future.  now  
 Today President Obama called U.S. troops to express his appreciation on  on behalf of a grateful nation. 
Thankful.  
"From my family to yours, happy Thanksgiving." —President Obama 
  to the millions of Americans who've spoken out in favor the Clean Power Plan. 
LIVE  President Obama is pardoning the National Thanksgiving Turkey. Tune in now  
Don't miss the annual turkey pardoning at 2 15 p.m. ET  
 Make your gobble heard  Who will become the National  Turkey? Vote  or  by 1pm ET → 
Get the tools needed to make a difference in your community––apply for the  2015 Spring Fellowship Program  
ICYMI  The President sent a message to OFA supporters about the importance of taking action on immigration reform. 
"Americans are tired of gridlock. We're ready to move forward." —President Obama 
"I'm going to do what I can to make the system work better." —President Obama 
"When folks in Congress question my authority to take action, I've got one answer  Pass a bill."—President Obama 
"The actions we're taking will grow the economy for everybody." —President Obama 
President Obama  I still believe the best way to solve this problem is by coming together to pass common-sense immigration reform.
"Being a nation of immigrants gives us this huge entrepreneurial advantage over other nations." —President Obama 
"Immigrants have made this City of Broad Shoulders their home." —President Obama 
"It is good to be home." —President Obama in Chicago 
WATCH  The President is in Chicago speaking about how to help fix our broken immigration system.  
President Obama is at the  in Chicago speaking about  at 5 35 p.m. ET. Tune in  
Happening now  President Obama delivers a statement. 
Add your name  Support the President's action on immigration reform today.  
FACT  Thanks to  the economy will grow and average wages will go up for both U.S. born and immigrant workers.
Let your voice be heard  Stand with the President's  
"We are a nation of immigrants. It has always given America a big advantage over other nations." —President Obama 
The President sent a message to OFA supporters about why he's taking  
FACT  President Obama's  will boost the U.S. GDP by tens of billions of dollars.
Watch the weekly address  The President discusses his plan to fix our broken immigration system.  
“We didn’t raise the Statue of Liberty with her back to the world—we did it with her light shining.” —President Obama 
“Generations of immigrants have made this country what it is. It's what makes us special.” —President Obama 
“We're a nation that values families, and we should work together to keep them together.” —President Obama 
“We're a nation that gives people a chance to take responsibility—and make amends.” —President Obama 
"The day I sign that bill into law, then the actions I've taken will no longer be necessary." —President Obama 
“When members of Congress question my authority to take action, I have a simple answer  Pass a bill.” —President Obama 
“I know some critics call this action 'amnesty.' It's not amnesty. Amnesty is what we have now.” —President Obama 
“This is not just a Latino issue. This is an American issue.” —President Obama 
"Not everybody will qualify under this provision—that's the truth. That's why we're still going to have to pass a bill." —President Obama
"We’ll keep focusing enforcement resources on actual threats to our security. But that means felons, not families." —President Obama
“I wasn't going to sit idly by and not do at least what I was authorized to do.” —President Obama 
“We're not giving up. We're going to keep working with members of Congress to make reform a reality.” —President Obama 
"Our immigration system has been broken for a very long time, and everyone knows it." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is at Del Sol High School in Las Vegas, discussing his  Watch here  
President Obama will speak about the steps he's taking on immigration at 3 55 p.m. ET. Tune in   
The  President Obama is taking will grow the economy and reduce the deficit by $25 billion in 10 years.
 A behind-the-scenes video you don't want to miss. Watch President Obama reflect on his 

Retweet if you think President Obama did the right thing by taking action to help fix our broken immigration system. 
The President is taking steps to fix our broken immigration system—stand up to those who want to block progress  
Add your name if you believe it's time for action to help fix our broken immigration system   
The President is taking action to help fix our immigration system—now Congress must do its part.  
"To those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better … Pass a bill." —President Obama
"My fellow Americans, we are and always will be a nation of immigrants." —President Obama 
"It’s about who we are as a country and who we want to be for future generations." —President Obama 
"Our history and the facts show that immigrants are a net plus for our economy and our society." —President Obama 
"If you meet the criteria, you can come out of the shadows and get right with the law." —President Obama 
"What I’m describing is accountability—a common-sense, middle-ground approach." —President Obama 
"Most of these immigrants have been here a long time. They work hard, often in tough, low-paying jobs." —President Obama 
"Today, our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows it." —President Obama 
LIVE  The President is addressing the nation about actions he's taking to help fix our immigration system. 
Watch at 8 p.m. ET  President Obama is laying out common-sense steps forward on immigration   
Everyone agrees our immigration system is broken, and Congress has stalled on reform. That's why the President is taking 
Ready for  
Tonight the President will announce the actions he's taking to fix our broken immigration system. Tune in at 8 pm ET  
A better immigration system will strengthen our economy and our families—stand up for  
A very happy birthday to the  
Tonight the President will address the nation on the steps he's taking to fix our broken immigration system. 
Millions are getting the coverage they deserve. Make sure you are too    
Tune in tomorrow  The President will address the nation on the common-sense steps he's taking on immigration. 
 Today marks the 510th day that the Republican-led House has refused to address our broken immigration system. 
Everyone needs that reminder to do something. This is yours—make sure you  today  
The President will address the nation tomorrow about the steps he's taking to help fix our broken immigration system. 
"Every child deserves a shot at a world class education." —President Obama 
"In a country where we expect free wifi with our coffee, we should expect our schools to be wired.” —President Obama 
"Every decision I make is aimed at one goal—that is to restore opportunity to everyone who works hard for it." —President Obama 
WATCH  President Obama is speaking about how technology is transforming schools.  
Heath care open enrollment is here again. Find a plan that's right for you. 
ICYMI  Health care enrollment is back.   
This petition is an important way you can support  
Today  Check 'sign up for health insurance' off your to-do list.    
Why gamble with your health? It's easy to get quality, affordable health coverage.   
Before Obamacare, finding coverage was nearly impossible for Rick    
 Your health is everything. Have you and your family enrolled for health coverage yet?  
President Obama's latest commitment shows momentum and U.S. leadership in the global fight against climate change  
 Keep those you love healthy. Today is the day to  at 
Add your name to join the team that believes quality, affordable health coverage is worth fighting for  
 Hey, guess what?  Open enrollment is back!   at 
Now's your chance to get covered. The health care marketplace is now open again for all Americans   
"So spread the word. Tell your friends and family members to get covered." —President Obama 
 so your friends know  You can sign up for health coverage right now at   
Thanks to health care reform, Doris finally has an affordable plan.   
 Spread the word  Starting today, you can   
Watch the weekly address—tell your friends and family to  and  
The health care marketplace is open for business—check out your options today   
Let's go  The health care marketplace is open again.   
LAST CHANCE  Donate before tonight's midnight deadline. 
MIDNIGHT DEADLINE  All donations will be matched dollar for dollar by other supporters. 
Chip in $5 right now to support  go all in for health care  
DEADLINE  There's a lot at stake in the weeks ahead, and your donation will help this fight for change. 
You're not an Incredible.  
There's something coming tomorrow––and it's going to be big   
 Having health care provides peace of mind

And starting tomorrow, you can 

Learn more →  
Tonight's budget deadline matters. Chip in now   
Add your name   is going all in for  and here's how you can do your part.  
 to spread the word  You can sign up for health coverage starting tomorrow.   
CHIP IN NOW  Get your impact doubled now, before this critical budget deadline. 
Drop everything  Watch this—it's time to get covered and stay covered.  
 Just ONE DAY until you can   is here to help    
Tomorrow. Are you in?   
Funke's health coverage isn't in jeopardy, and she can afford it, too    
Here's the deal  Chip in today and your donation will be matched—dollar-for-dollar.  
If you believe health care reform is worth fighting for, add your name  
No kidding  Every grassroots donation will be matched by another  supporter. Chip in today  
WATCH  President Obama is urging the  to protect  and treat all internet traffic equally. 
Organizers across the country are going all in for health care this fall. Join in  
If you chip in right now, another supporter will match your donation—meaning you'll make double the impact  
You can make a real impact for  right now   
Donate today—your contribution will be matched dollar for dollar  
ICYMI  The United States has made a groundbreaking deal with China on cutting carbon pollution.  
It starts with you. Watch the new  video aimed at ending sexual assault  
This is no time to sit on the sidelines. Do your part to help Americans get covered  
The world's two largest economies are standing together to fight climate change   
Say no to the idea of fast lanes for the internet   
This is a huge win for anyone that's fighting to   
Got a minute and a social media account? Here's an easy way to get involved in the fight for progress  
The  marketplace opens Saturday—spread the word about why getting covered matters   
Stand with the President's global leadership in the fight against climate change   
Watch  Amazing things can happen when people organize. 
Add your name if you support the President's historic agreement with China on climate change   
This is huge  The United States and China have just agreed on an ambitious new joint plan to cut carbon pollution. 
The fight for change is not over. Check out President Obama's message to OFA supporters  
Watch  This is what you should know about  
This is about keeping the internet open and free—sign the petition   
Let's keep fighting for real, lasting change  
 Retweet if you want to keep the internet open and free. 
You have the power to make real, lasting change, but you're not in it alone. Join the movement   
The internet shouldn't have gatekeepers. Add your name if you agree   
"We’ll have your backs—just like you had ours." —President Obama. Happy Veterans Day. 
Time is winding down—say you'll do your part    
President Obama took a stand to keep the internet open and free. Sign the petition to protect  
"Your voice is needed like never before." Read President Obama's message to  supporters  
Sign this petition if you support an internet that's open and free   
No one ever said the fight for change would be easy—that's why it needs you  
Let's go.   
This is important  President Obama is urging the  to keep the internet open and free.  
This work has never been more important   
Watch   is a grassroots movement dedicated to the fight for real, lasting change. 
 Retweet to spread the word about the  
President Obama  This Veterans Day—and every day—let’s make sure all our veterans know how much we appreciate them. 
Watch the weekly address  For Veterans Day, President Obama pays tribute to the men and women in uniform. 
Voters across the country took a decisive stand on raising the minimum wage.  
For the first time since the 1990s, the private sector has added at least 200K jobs for nine consecutive months. 
The unemployment rate is falling as fast as any point in the last 30 years. Let's keep building that momentum. 
Jackie Robinson West All Stars  America's champions. 
This is undeniable progress on the minimum wage. Congrats to the  volunteers who are fighting to  
"I'm going to squeeze every last bit of opportunity to make the world a better place over these last two years." —President Obama
Happening now  President Obama is holding a press conference. Tune in. 
Watch the weekly address  President Obama wants a strong economy with opportunities for women and working families. 
WATCH  The President and First Lady are welcoming children to the White House for trick-or-treating.  
Tricks, treats, and hugs.  
Don't get scared. Get covered.  
"It's up to us to restore the ideals that made this country great." —President Obama 
"We have to raise our voices to demand that women get paid fairly." —President Obama 
President Obama  Let's encourage more women and more girls to go into fields like engineering, science, and math. 
"We've got to catch up to the 21st century. We've got to pass a fair pay law." —President Obama 
"Nobody who works full time in America should be raising their kids below the poverty line." —President Obama 
"About 28 million Americans would benefit if we raised the minimum wage to $10.10." —President Obama 
"When women do well, everybody does well." — President Obama 
President Obama  We have to ensure women are full and equal participants in the economy. 
"We've got to harness the progress we're seeing in the broader economy to make sure it's working for all Americans." — President Obama
"Ten million Americans have now gained the peace of mind of having health insurance." — President Obama
"For the first time in six years, the unemployment rate is under six percent." — President Obama
"Happy Halloween, everybody. I see a lot of you came as college students." — President Obama at Rhode Island College
LIVE  President Obama is at Rhode Island College speaking about how women succeed in today's economy. 
Even the scariest haunted house is no match for going without health insurance.  
It's all hands on deck for  includes yours  
"Bold, big-hearted, and Boston strong, Tom was the embodiment of the city he loved and led." —President Obama on the passing Tom Menino
This is why reform matters  Health care should be available when you need it.  
Team Obamacare is for anyone who thinks all Americans deserve access to quality, affordable health care  
October has been a good month for marriage equality   
Happening now  President Obama is speaking to American health care workers fighting Ebola. 
The dangers of extreme weather can be heartbreaking. It's time to  
Here's your reminder to take this important  survey  
Retweet if you agree the fight against climate change can't wait.  
Happening now  President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in to watch. 
Who will make the biggest difference during the  open enrollment period? That's up to you. 
Take this quick health care survey—it's important everyone gets the facts and information needed to  
Health care reform is helping millions of Americans. Keep the momentum going  
 Share the news  Our manufacturers are adding jobs at the fastest pace since the 1990s.  
Millions of Americans still need to get health insurance—this is your chance to make an impact  
Take a stand for  
On November 15th,  volunteers will hit the ground running for health care enrollment  
Better health coverage at lower costs isn't just a goal anymore—it's actually happening. 
Volunteers across the country have helped millions get covered. Team Obamacare needs you.  
Watch the weekly address  President Obama discusses the measures taken to respond to Ebola at home and abroad. 
Will you weigh in on  
This matters  Obamacare is helping millions get quality, affordable health care. 
For everyone who has health insurance, here's a big way  works for you   
The other side isn't done trying to derail health care reform. Join the team fighting to protect it  
Take this short survey about health care  
Defend health care reform—join Team Obamacare  
The countdown until open enrollment has begun.  
Obamacare is reducing costs and improving access to health care for millions. That's worth fighting for  
"Has the new law worked? For many, the answer is a resounding yes." More from   
Thousands have taken a stand for health care reform—the fight's not over. Add your name  
Here are ways to do your part before November 15th   
Read this story about  from  "None of the most dire predictions has come to pass." 
Add your name   Tell lawmakers that minimum wage workers shouldn't have to raise a family in poverty. 
Are you ready for Round 2? You should be part of this   
When the health insurance marketplace opens again on November 15th, be part of the team helping out  
How many can you answer? Test your knowledge about the minimum wage   
Watch the weekly address  President Obama discusses what you need to know about Ebola. 
Add your name if you're one of the 7 out of 10 Americans that supports raising the minimum wage   
 Here's how President Obama's acting to protect Americans from fraud and identify theft →  
DYK  Raising the minimum wage would lift nearly a million people out of poverty. Let's get it done   
Add your name if you agree  Higher wages are key to a stronger economy—and that starts with a higher minimum wage. 
Happening now  President Obama is speaking at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
If you do one meaningful thing today, take the pledge to help Americans get covered  
Team  needs you  
Make this  pledge   
Last spring, volunteers across the country helped millions get health insurance. It's about time to do that again  
Make this simple commitment  Say you'll help spread the word about health care enrollment. 
Long-term unemployment is on the decline. Let's keep the economy moving in the right direction   
Get involved again, and help people   
This work needs you. Pledge to do your part for health care enrollment  
You ready?  
 MT  The First Lady wants to know…     
LAST CALL  Add your name tonight to tell the EPA you support cutting carbon pollution. 
It's easy to take a meaningful stand for cutting carbon pollution right now   
This is a big moment in the fight against climate change—stick it to climate change deniers by adding your name  
Tonight is the deadline to have your name included in OFA's public comments to the EPA   
Learn why major companies are dropping their support of ALEC   
DEADLINE TONIGHT  Add your name to tell the EPA you support cutting carbon pollution. 
This is one meaningful way you can fight climate change now   
This  white board lays out how raising the minimum wage will improve lives—and the economy   
This is a new record-breaking level  In 2013, vehicle mileage averaged 24.1 miles per gallon. 
"A hard day’s work deserves a fair day’s pay."  —President Obama  
If you support cutting carbon pollution from the air, add your name here   
Watch the weekly address  President Obama makes the case for why it's time to  
"Today, we honor Malala and Kailash’s achievements." —President Obama on the Nobel Peace Prize announcement
WATCH   hard-working Americans earning the minimum wage will get a leg up. 
There's support from both sides of the aisle on raising the minimum wage   
 Today, President Obama will designate the San Gabriel Mountains National Monument   
WATCH  Americans earning the minimum wage will be able to do more  
If you think no one who works full time should raise a family in poverty, sign this petition   
  we could grow the economy and give a much-needed boost to  &amp; their workers. Let’s make it happen.
"It's long past time for us to raise the minimum wage." –– President Obama  
It's time   both the economy and American workers get a hand. 
Watch President Obama's message to  supporters  It's time to raise the minimum wage.  
Happening now  President Obama is participating in a town hall with members of the  community. 
Cutting carbon pollution will lead to a safer climate. Take action   
Check this out  More than 500,000 people have signed the  petition. 
 FACT  The number of uninsured young Americans has dropped by nearly 40% over the past 4 years.  
There are many reasons to  are just a few  
Let the other side know  Growing the economy and fighting climate change aren't contradictory.  
It's time to get real about climate change—starting with the  plan to cut carbon pollution   
Here's your chance to take a stand against climate change denial   
It's not just workers  According to a new survey, support is high among employers to  
Your signature is your voice—use it to support raising the minimum wage   
Lew, a business owner in St. Louis, knows that a fair wage is a key part of the American dream. Check out his story  
Have you signed the  petition yet?  Say you're ready for America to get a raise.
This is an easy way to show your support for cleaner air   
A few facts about the minimum wage you might not know   
ICYMI  Yesterday was an important day for marriage equality.  
How much do you know about the minimum wage?  
Step up—show your support for cutting carbon pollution    
Retweet if you're a proud supporter of marriage equality.  
 Check out stories from Americans across the country on how raising the minimum wage would help them → 
These businesses wanted their employees to be fairly compensated. So they took action.  
Add your name to support a raise for 28 million Americans across the country   
The Supreme Court just cleared the path for marriage equality in at least five more states. 
Happening now  President Obama is speaking at the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial dedication.  
Good news  America's businesses extended the longest streak of private sector job gains on record.  
"The folks who keep blocking a minimum wage increase are running out of excuses." —President Obama  
Watch the weekly address  Although the economy has improved, there's still more to do to help middle class families. 
Here's an in-depth look at how our economy has made real progress in the last six years   
See why raising the minimum wage is a good idea for working Americans and their families   
There's been great progress over the past 55 months—it's time to  to help keep the economy growing. 
Progress  The unemployment rate just fell to 5.9%, the lowest rate since July 2008. 
Great news  The U.S. economy added 248,000 jobs in September.  
Retweet if you believe our economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down.  
"The story of America is a story of progress." —President Obama 
"It is the American people who have made the progress of the last six years possible." —President Obama 
"America’s economic greatness has never trickled from the top down—it grows from a rising, thriving middle class." —President Obama
President Obama  While affordable health care might still be a threat to freedom on Fox News, it’s working pretty well in the real world.
"Let's catch up to 2014." —President Obama on  for women
"Let's agree that no one who works full time in America should ever have to work in poverty." —President Obama
"If we raise the minimum wage, we won’t just put more money in workers’ pockets—they’ll spend that money." —President Obama 
"Let's keep reforming our education system so young people at every level have the same shot at success." —President Obama 
"I’m setting a new goal  By the end of this decade, let’s enroll six million children in high-quality preschool." —President Obama
"America is better poised to lead and succeed in the 21st century than any other nation on Earth." —President Obama 
"When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, it’s approaching 3 percent." —President Obama 
"We're slowing the cost of health care—and we're covering more people at the same time." —President Obama 
"Premiums are rising at a rate tied for the lowest on record." —President Obama 
"Today, we have seen a dramatic slowdown in the rising cost of health care." —President Obama 
"In the decade before the Affordable Care Act—AKA Obamacare—double-digit premium increases were common." —President Obama 
"Last year, our elementary and middle school students had the highest math and reading scores on record." —President Obama 
"Today, they’re building and selling new cars at the fastest rate in eight years." —President Obama 
"We have to make our economy work for every working American." —President Obama 
"When the middle class thrives ... America thrives. When it doesn’t, America doesn't." —President Obama 
"This is the longest, uninterrupted stretch of job growth in our history." —President Obama 
"Today, our businesses are hiring 200,000 Americans per month." —President Obama 
"As Americans, we can and should be proud of the progress our country has made over these past six years." —President Obama 
"American leadership is the one constant in an uncertain world." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the future of our 21st century economy. Tune in   
President Obama will address the future of the economy at  at 2 15 pm ET. Don't miss it   
ICYMI   volunteers across the country are preparing for the second health care enrollment period. 
You now have basic rights and protections when it comes to health insurance—thanks to  
State and local governments are taking action to  
"Together, we renew our commitment to better prevent, detect, and treat breast cancer." —President Obama on Breast Cancer Awareness Month
A year ago today, extreme voices in Congress shut down the government—and here's one reason why they won't try again  
Support cutting carbon pollution   
Health care reform is all about  for you and your family  
Add your name if you agree—cutting carbon pollution is just common sense   
 Today, we’re announcing how grants will help  
Train workers ✓
Connect businesses w/ workers ✓
Expand middle class ✓

Thanks to health care reform, getting covered could be more affordable than you think   
 "That's how we roll. That's what makes this America." —Obama on U.S. leadership in the world   
ICYMI  President Obama showed the world how the United States is leading in the fight against  change. 
"The people of the world look to us to lead. And we welcome that responsibility." —President Obama 
Check this out   volunteers are gearing up to help get the word out for the next health care enrollment period. 
Watch the weekly address  President Obama discusses the responsibility America has to lead. 
Retweet if you think it's time to  h/t  
Economic growth in the second quarter was even stronger than originally estimated  
Happening now  The President is delivering remarks at the Global Health Security Agenda Summit. Tune in. 
The President has a plan to fight climate change—you should support it   
 When  we all succeed    
President Obama just designated the largest marine reserve in the world. Read more   
How President Obama is answering the call to  
Good news  More insurers are offering health plans on the marketplace, meaning more choices for consumers. 
Between droughts, wildfires, and dangerous storms, the effects of  change are real. It's time to act  
Happening now  The President is delivering remarks at the United Nations on the Ebola epidemic. Tune in  
Watch as President Obama wishes L'Shanah Tovah, a good year, to those celebrating  
Add your name to support taking action on climate change   
These Fortune 500 companies are stepping up their commitment to fight climate change   
It's time to  
WATCH  President Obama is addressing the United Nations General Assembly now.  
Retweet if you agree.  
Now is the time to step up and support serious action to fight climate change   
"The most important title is not president or prime minister, but citizen." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at   
"I call on all countries to join us—not next year, but now." —President Obama 
"We have a special responsibility to lead. That's what big nations have to do." —President Obama 
"We have to work together as a global community to tackle this global threat before it is too late." —President Obama 
"We are the first generation to feel the effect of climate change and the last generation who can do something about it." —President Obama
"We cannot condemn our children and their children to a future they do not have the capacity to repair." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a call for action at the U.N. Climate Summit.  
President Obama will make the case for strong climate action at the U.N. Climate Summit at 12 50 p.m. ET. Watch here  
Happening now  President Obama is delivering a statement. 
 You don't get to pick your tax rate.
Neither should corporations.
Let's make sure we all play by the same rules. 
ICYMI  President Obama is teaming up with major companies to fight climate change. Read more   
Everyone has a role to play in ending sexual assault.  
Watch this video about the Earth's climate changing at an unprecedented rate   
Doug is a rancher in New Mexico, and he's feeling the effects of climate change firsthand   
Check this out   volunteers in California took a stand for clean energy.  
Say you're ready to  on climate change. 
Watch  It's time to stand up to sexual assault.  
 Join the fight+help stop sexual assault. 
Take pledge   
PSA    ht…
  to 

Step up and say something.

Not look the other way.

Take the pledge to help stop sexual assault.


 Everyone has a role to play in stopping sexual assault.  took the pledge at   
Take the pledge to help make a fundamental shift in our culture around sexual assault   
"Take a pledge to help keep women and men safe from sexual assault." —President Obama 
"It is on all of us to reject the quiet tolerance of sexual assault." —President Obama 
"It's not just on the survivors." —President Obama 
"We don't condemn sexual assault as loudly as we should." —President Obama 
"Sexual violence isn't just a crime—it's a civil rights violation." —President Obama 
"Campus sexual assault is no longer a thing that we as a nation can say, 'It's not our problem.'" —President Obama 
"This is not your fight alone. It's on all of us." —President Obama 
"Every one of these statistics is a life." — Biden 
LIVE  The President and  are launching  because everyone has a role to play in stopping sexual assault. 
FACT  No one can be denied coverage because of their current or past health.   
It's up to you to to keep the issues you care about front and center  
Happening now  President Obama is delivering a statement on congressional passage of the Continuing Resolution. 
 "Almost all Obamacare enrollees are paying for coverage."   
As Congress leaves Washington, it's your job to keep the conversation going on the important issues  
A new  solar energy plan will cut carbon pollution and help save on energy bills   
 Empowering women to achieve their full economic potential is not only good for women, it's good for our families &amp; econo…
Don't let polluters win    
Ranchers and farmers are facing instability, due to the effects of climate change   
Supporting clean drinking water is common sense    
"For more than two centuries, our founding charter has guided our progress and defined us as a people." —President Obama on Constitution Day
 LIVE Now  G+ Hangout on Observing Earth from Space w/  &amp;   Q?  
This shouldn't be controversial  Keeping Americans' drinking water safe is a good thing.  
Happening now  President Obama delivers remarks from MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida. 
President Obama is partnering with more than a dozen major U.S. companies to  Read more  
The burden of student loan debt is too great. If you agree, go   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the  in Atlanta. Tune in here  
 Worth sharing  Here's the latest on President Obama's response to the Ebola epidemic in West Africa → 
Stand up to polluters and protect the Clean Water Act   
This study concludes that no one has to choose between fighting climate change and growing the economy   
If you agree women should earn  for equal work, get your name   
If you believe in expanding economic opportunity, go  
Happening now  The President is awarding the  the highest military honor. Watch here  
There's been real progress since the financial crisis hit six years ago today, but there's more work to do  
Put your support in (digital) ink. Go   
Watch the weekly address  The President reiterates his plan to confront the threat posed by ISIL. 
Student loan debt is not just a young person's problem   
 Happy Birthday  I'm honored to have served with them in Chicago and couldn't be prouder of all they've accomplished…
Americans are paying less and getting more from their health care. More from  
More than half a million  supporters have gone  for expanding economic opportunity. Join in  
"People who love their country can change it ... That is the promise of AmeriCorps." —President Obama 
"If you're an employer … look to AmeriCorps. Look to the Peace Corps." —President Obama 
"We've seen again and again how national service gives young people valuable training … and employers have noticed." —President Obama
"We are determined to help AmeriCorps succeed." —President Obama 
"I began to understand what citizenship meant—not just words on a page." —President Obama on community service 
"The Obama household was on board with AmeriCorps from the start." —President Obama 
"You have made America stronger because of what you've done." —President Obama to  
LIVE  The President is celebrating 20 years of   Watch   
  in '94 I welcomed the 1st class of  Grateful to the 900K members who've kept the spirit of service alive …
Happy birthday to AmeriCorps, which has been  for 20 years   
Watch  Last night, President Obama addressed the nation about the threat from ISIL. 
America endures.  
"Thirteen years after small and hateful minds conspired to break us, America stands tall." —President Obama 
ICYMI  Watch the full remarks from President Obama's address to the nation tonight. 
Happening now  President Obama is addressing the nation. Watch here  
President Obama will address the nation at 9 00 p.m. ET about the threat posed by ISIL. Watch  
 When  America succeeds. It's long-past time to ensure  for women.  
Raising the wage, equal pay for equal work, reining in student loan debt—go  in support of action  
Put your name  and make it clear where you stand on expanding economic opportunity  
The carbon pollution levels in the atmosphere rose at a dramatic rate last year. It's vital to  
 "When we all understand that even one case is too many, that’s when it will change." -VP Biden on violence against women  
"We reaffirm the basic human right to be free from violence and abuse."—President Obama on the Violence Against Women Act's 20th anniversary
"'There’s no debate'  97 experts explain the scientific consensus on climate change" More from   
It's been more than five years since the national minimum wage was raised. That's wrong   
Watch  Congress is back this week. Time to demand better from  
On Women's Equality Day,  volunteers discussed ways to help working families succeed   
Watch  A special pep talk for  
"All the middle class in this country wants is a chance. No guarantee, just a chance." — Joe Biden 
Congress heads back to Washington this week—now is not the time to be cynical about what they can accomplish. 
Watch  Joe Biden deliver the weekly address, saying it's time to help the middle class   
There's more to do, but this is real progress  10M private-sector jobs have been added over 54 straight months. 
 Then and now  Auto workers are assembling nearly 800,000 more cars each month than in 2009 →  
Say no to cynicism   
In 54 straight months of job growth, the economy has added 10 million private-sector jobs. There's still more to do. 
For just $123 a month, Phil and his family of five are covered.  
 Breaking—Another great step forward for love in Wisconsin      
You should reject cynicism  
"I think it's wonderful." Tanyce is a cancer survivor, and  she's praising her new health care plan  
Because some are standing in the way, this has been the least productive Congress in modern history. Demand better  
Add your name   Refuse to be cynical about what leaders in Congress can accomplish.
 Good news  New economic trends show female short-term unemployment falling to pre-recession levels.  
FACT  Total U.S. exports sustained 11.3 million American jobs in 2013. 
The other side hopes people like you will get cynical and tune out—you should refuse  
Congress is heading back to Washington next week  Refuse to be cynical about what they can get done. 
Retweet if you think Congress should help rein in the burden of student loan debt.  
Organizers got together for an important conversation at  Women &amp; Working Families Summit   
LIVE  President Obama is in Milwaukee speaking at Laborfest 2014. Tune in   
To every American working hard each and every single day, happy  
President Obama  It's time to raise the minimum wage. Watch the weekly address  
"In America, no one who works full-time should ever have to raise a family in poverty." —President Obama 
Let's keep building economic  Learn more  
This is what the gender pay gap looks like for women just four years after college graduation   
Great news  Economic growth in the second quarter was even better than reported. 
Happening now  President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in here  
It's time to close the pay gap between men and women.  
Retweet if you think these 28 million Americans deserve a raise.  
Show off your grassroots organizing pride  
It's time to   Make sure your name is on the petition.
To celebrate the power of grassroots organizing,  is giving away this free sticker. Get yours today  
Julius was able to follow his dream, thanks to new, affordable coverage    
Expecting an addition to the family? Check your health care options   
"A climate for change  America should not wait while the world warms" More from   
Retweet if you agree that women deserve equal pay for equal work.  
Watch  Immigration reform, raising the minimum wage, college affordability—it's time for economic  
 Congress could help millions of  by raising the minimum wage.   
It's time to make the pay gap a thing of the past—American women deserve better. 
“If you want somebody who knows how to get the job done, no matter the mission, hire a veteran.” —President Obama at 
"I'm announcing 19 new executive actions to improve mental health care for those American heroes and their families." —President Obama
"Upholding our trust with our veterans is not just a matter of policy—it's a moral obligation." —President Obama at 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the  in Charlotte. Tune in   h/t 
Watch  Austan Goolsbee talks about why Congress should act to build economic  
  Retweet if you agree  This is completely backward. 
There's been progress in job creation and economic growth, but Congress can do more to help the economy along  
It's the best coverage Jim ever had and it came just in time    
Congress needs to act to build economic  
Shout out to  U.S. champions, Chicago's own Jackie Robinson West All-Stars. You made your city and country proud.
"Thanks to the decisions we made to rescue and rebuild our economy ... America is leading again." —President Obama 
Read the truth about economic opportunity   
Watch the weekly address  The economy is gaining momentum, but Congress must do its part. 
The economy is headed in the right direction—but there's more work to do   
Maryanne has better coverage at a lower cost    
 Monday is  98th birthday &amp; all entrance fees will be waived. Retweet to spread the word! 
Supporting new carbon pollution limits,  volunteers were out in force gathering signatures in their communities. 
Here are a few ways Congress should help keep the economy growing   
More good news about the economy  "Auto Production at Its Highest Rate Since 2002"  
Add your name if you believe in building economic  
Bill finally got covered—for less than he expected.  
This is history   put more than 400k names on the permanent record of people who made health care reform happen. 
The economy should grow from the middle out, not the top down. Add your name if you agree   
The economy is growing—but there's still more work to do.   
ICYMI  American businesses have added 9.9 million jobs since early 2010.  
Happening now  President Obama delivers a statement. Tune in to watch  
"Housing construction bounced back in July, hitting its highest level in eight months..." More from  
Good news  The number of job openings just hit a 13-year high.  
"Vermonters sent him to Washington to follow his conscience, and he did them proud." —President Obama on Senator James Jeffords' passing
 In June, U.S. business owners posted 4.67 million job openings—the most since February 2001 →  
Happening now  The President delivers a statement on Iraq and the situation in  
Sign the petition   It's time to raise the minimum wage. 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the importance of affordable higher education   
Earning the minimum wage while raising a family shouldn't mean living in poverty. It's time to  
FACT  97% of scientists and NASA accept the science of climate change.  
Getting covered made Jason so happy he wanted to tell everyone   
It's time to get serious and  
Happening now  President Obama is delivering a statement. Tune in  
Retweet if you support cutting dangerous carbon pollution. 
 This  check out what volunteers are up to   
Read how  supporters are taking a stand against carbon pollution   
Check it out  Last week,  volunteers celebrated the success of health care reform. 
Climate change will make the intensifying droughts across the West even more extreme and dangerous   
"EPA climate rule economically feasible, study says" More from   
"The death of Michael Brown is heartbreaking." —President Obama. Read the full statement  
You should put your name on this  petition  
"Robin Williams was an airman, a doctor, a genie, a nanny ... and everything in between. But he was one of a kind." —President Obama
Happening now  The President delivers a statement on the latest developments in Iraq. 
Find out how  is taking action on climate change—and how you can get involved   
ICYMI  President Obama visited mom-and-pop shops in historic Parkville, Missouri  
WATCH  President Obama details American operations in Iraq. 
Happening now  President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Iraq. 
Happening now  President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Iraq. 
The House of Representatives didn't  Instead, they voted on this  
Lawmakers around the country need to know it's time to  
LIVE  President Obama delivers remarks about improving health care quality and access for veterans. 
Your signature is your voice  Sign this  petition before it's delivered to lawmakers. 
Sign  petition to  
Watch  Because of climate change, the average U.S. wildfire season is longer and more intense.  
$7.25 an hour just isn't enough. It's time to  
"Study  States Embracing Obamacare See Biggest Drops in Uninsured" More from  
LAST CHANCE  Sign OFA's birthday card for President Obama. 
Don't forget to leave a personal note for President Obama's birthday today  
"Some people prefer cake. I like pie." —President Obama 
 Happy birthday to my good friend, President Obama. 
 Happy Birthday, President Obama! 
 Happy Birthday, Mr. President 
 Happy birthday President  Lmk if you ever need someone to set a screen &amp; free you up for a shot in your pi…
 Happy Birthday to the man who always makes me proud. Thank you for your friendship, honesty and compassion. I will love you alw…
President Obama  Michelle and I send our deepest condolences to the family of former White House Press Secretary James Brady on his passing.
Send President Obama some love for his birthday  
Retweet to share a happy reminder about health care reform. 
Today is President Obama's birthday—make sure you sign OFA's card   
Help put a smile on the President's face  Sign  birthday card.  
ICYMI  For six months in a row, private sector job creation has exceeded 200,000 jobs.  
Have a hard time picking a card? You're in luck   wants you to pick your favorite for President Obama's birthday  
Sign your name to OFA's birthday card and send a note of thanks to President Obama.  
"The bottom line is this  We’ve come a long way these past five and a half years."—President Obama  
Watch the weekly address  The President is working to help the middle class. It's time Congress did the same. 
Sign  birthday card for the President, and send your best wishes  
FACT  9.9 million private sector jobs have been added over the past 53 months. 
It's been 53 straight months of private sector job growth—that's the longest streak on record.  
"After all that we've had to overcome, our Congress should stop standing in the way of our country's success." —President Obama
"The fact is we could be much further along ... if Congress would do the job that the people sent them here to do." —President Obama
"That's the longest streak of private sector job creation in our history."—President Obama on 53 straight months of jobs creation 
Happening now  President Obama delivers a statement from the Briefing Room. 
Job growth has exceeded 200,000 for the sixth straight month. This is progress, but there's more to do   
Make  special for   
Pick your favorite card—then add your name to wish the President a happy birthday  
WATCH  President Obama is speaking at the Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
For the President's birthday this year,  supporters are saying thanks—sign the card  
President Obama  If a company isn't treating its workers with integrity, then they're probably cutting corners in other areas, too.
"It wastes America's time ... You guys are all paying for it as taxpayers."—President Obama on House leadership's lawsuit
"You shouldn't be fired because of who you love." —President Obama 
"Any time Congress wants to do work with me to help working families, I'm right there." —President Obama 
"We want to make sure the young dad on the factory floor has a shot to make it into the corner suite." —President Obama 
"Millions more families have the peace of mind that comes with having affordable health care." —President Obama
LIVE  The President is speaking about fighting for the  that Americans deserve. 
 Short sleeve button-downs are coming back but health care has always been in style.  Then   
Speak up  Tell House leaders to  and help middle-class Americans. 
If you were  make sure you know your options to  when you turn 26  
 Instead of acting to help millions of Americans, House Republicans are suing the President today.  
Send your best wishes for President Obama's birthday   
Great news  The U.S. economy grew at a 4% rate in the second quarter of 2014. Read more  
"I believe in an optimistic America that is making progress." —President Obama 
"Let's make sure anyone who is working full time isn't living in poverty." —President Obama  
"I want Congress to do its job to make life easier for Americans who put them there in the first place." —President Obama 
"We've got just today and tomorrow before Congress leaves town for a month, and there is still serious work to do." —President Obama
"The states that have increased their minimum wage this year have seen higher job growth than the states that didn't." —President Obama
"I want my daughters paid the same as your sons for doing the same jobs." —President Obama  
"You're doing your job. Imagine how much further along we'd be if Congress was doing its job, too." —President Obama 
"The decisions we made to rescue our economy ... all those things are starting to pay off." —President Obama 
"The unemployment rate is at its lowest since September of 2008." —President Obama 
"Our energy, our technology, our auto industries—they're all booming." —President Obama 
WATCH  President Obama is speaking about the economy from the  in Kansas City.  
Take some time right now to add your name to this minimum wage petition   
 The coming month, see how OFA is taking action on the issues that matter most.  
Your name belongs on the  petition   
Happening now  The President delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine. 
Delayed action will increase the costs of climate change. It's time to act   
Thanks in part to the Affordable Care Act, Medicare has improved for seniors  
This minimum wage petition is a big deal  Make sure your name is on it.  
It's time to close tax loopholes so all companies play by the same rules. More from  Secretary Jack Lew  
Former Ohio Governor  took the  Challenge  "I Tried to Live on Minimum Wage for a Week" 
A hospital visit won't break your bank account, thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
Tying the knot soon? Don't forget to check your health care options   
Don't miss the deadline to sign this  petition  
Take a moment to sign this  petition  
ICYMI  This is what the  Challenge is all about  
Act soon to get your name on this minimum wage petition before it's too late   
If you stand for raising the minimum wage, your name belongs on this petition   
"Let’s embrace an economic patriotism that says we rise or fall together, as one nation." —President Obama 
Watch the weekly address  The President wants an economy that benefits everyone, not just a few at the top. 
 Get excited  One year from today,  for the   World Games → 
See how raising the minimum wage will grow the economy for everyone   
"More than half of Americans believe that they or others are better off with Obamacare..." More from  
These volunteers are taking a stand to  in their hometown  
Why you should care about "inversions"  
ICYMI  A new study says more than 10M Americans gained health insurance through the health care marketplace so far. 
"If we can work together, I promise you there is no holding America back." —President Obama 
"The hardest thing in politics is to change a stubborn status quo." —President Obama 
"Economic patriotism says it's a good thing when we close wasteful tax loopholes and invest in education." —President Obama
"We need to stop companies from renouncing their citizenship just to get out of paying their fair share of taxes." —President Obama
"States that have increased the minimum wage this year have seen higher job growth than those that didn't." —President Obama 
"Today marks exactly five years since the minimum wage went up in this country." —President Obama  
"I'm always impressed by folks who have had the courage to go back to school, especially those later in life." —President Obama
"Today I'm here to focus on one thing ... training more Americans to fill the jobs we're creating." —President Obama 
"This past year, we saw one of the fastest drops in nearly 30 years in the unemployment rate." —President Obama 
"I'm here because I am listening ... I'm listening to Americans all across the country." —President Obama 
WATCH  President Obama is calling for fair tax rates for corporations. 
 Mary Poppins ( sings a catchy new tune about raising the minimum wage   
 Barring discrimination based on sexual orientation/gender identity isn't just right, it's good for business  
A lot has changed in five years—but the minimum wage has stayed the same.   
Retweet if you agree  Five years without raising the minimum wage is too long. 
The last time the federal minimum wage was raised was five years ago today.   
 . Biden ✓
A white board ✓
A marker ✓
And 5 minutes you need to watch on why it's time to  → 
Americans across the country are taking the  Challenge to see what it's like to live on $77 a week  
This minimum wage petition will be delivered to lawmakers soon. Add your name before the deadline   
Join Americans across the country and take the  Challenge   
Join Americans taking the  Challenge  Could you live on $77 a week? 
Read this  American workers must be equipped with the skills needed to compete in the 21st century.  
Sign this petition   Your voice matters.  
See what President Obama is doing to help Americans find good jobs   
"Let's get together, work together, to restore opportunity for every single American." —President Obama 
"Instead of rewarding companies for shipping jobs overseas, let's create jobs right here in America." —President Obama 
"Let's make sure the next generation of women are getting a fair deal." —President Obama on fair pay  
"Every job seeker should have the tools they need to take their career in their own hands." —President Obama 
President Obama  If you're working hard, you should be able to get a job that pays well and look after your family. 
"The good news is today ... our businesses have added over 10 million jobs in the past 52 months." —President Obama 
"The unemployment rate is at its lowest since September 2008." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama and the  want Americans to have access to today's good jobs. Tune in   
Watch the President and  speak about helping American workers find good jobs at 12 10 p.m. ET   
The deadline to sign this minimum wage petition is approaching. Don't miss your chance   
President Obama took action today against  discrimination. Read more  
 Retweet if you're glad President Obama took action against workplace discrimination for LGBT Americans. 
WATCH  President Obama is participating in a town hall at  about the  initiative. 
Happening now  The President delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine. 
LIVE  The President is taking action to protect LGBT employees from workplace discrimination. 
“We have to make sure our economy works for every working American.” Watch the weekly address   
In the weekly address, see the President's plan for building an economy that works for every hard-working American  
Happening now  President Obama delivers a statement on the situation in Ukraine. 
"Wherever and whenever I have a chance to help families like yours, I'm going to do it." —President Obama 
"We should be making sure that hard work pays off with a higher minimum wage." —President Obama 
"What I've done is put forward a plan to rebuild our infrastructure in a responsible way." —President Obama 
"First-class infrastructure attracts investment and first-class jobs." —President Obama 
"We've got to make sure our economy works for every American." —President Obama 
"Our businesses have now added nearly 10 million new jobs over the past 52 months." —President Obama
"It is great to be in the state that gave us Joe Biden." —President Obama
Happening now  President Obama is announcing a new initiative to  Tune in here  
Tune in at 2 10 p.m. ET to see President Obama announce a new initiative on infrastructure   
Read what the President is doing to protect communities from the impacts of climate change   
"Climate change poses a direct threat to the infrastructure of America." —President Obama  
 if you agree  Women deserve to make personal health care decisions for themselves.  
Thanks to health care reform, expecting families have the protection they deserve. 
Add your name   The time to  is now.
ICYMI  Good news on job growth. 
Sign this petition  Your voice matters in the fight to raise the minimum wage.  
One reason it's time to  65% of America's major roads' condition is rated lower than good.
FACT  Nearly 70% of Americans agree that transportation deserves more federal funding. 
Climate change deniers are at it again   
DYK  1 in 4 of America's bridges requires significant repair or cannot handle today's traffic. 
"Do something. That's my big motto for Congress right now." —President Obama 
"The American people have to demand that the folks in Washington do their job." —President Obama 
"We could do so much more if we just rallied around a sense of economic patriotism." —President Obama 
"When you are in traffic congestion because of poor planning and infrastructure, that's a cost to you." —President Obama 
"There is something called the Highway Trust Fund ... It helps states fund state infrastructure projects." —President Obama 
"First-class infrastructure attracts first-class jobs." —President Obama 
"As the father of a daughter who just turned 16, any new technology that makes driving safer is important to me." —President Obama
WATCH  President Obama is in Virginia discussing ways to rebuild America's infrastructure.  
Add your name to help millions of Americans who are struggling to make ends meet on the minimum wage   
 It's time for Congress to reauthorize funding to rebuild our roads &amp; bridges    
Join the fight to help folks struggling to get by on the minimum wage   
 Thank you Malala for inspiring girls around the world to be  adversity and pursue their education. –mo 
It's time to  Check out the President's plan to fix our roads and bridges. 
Hard-working Americans deserve better than the current minimum wage. It's time for a change   
Get your name on the minimum wage petition before it's delivered to lawmakers   
Retweet if you think hard-working Americans deserve a raise.  
Watch  See how this Maine shoe store owner takes care of his employees.  
Chris has been sailing most of his life—and he's seen the impacts of climate change firsthand   
"Do something, Congress. Do anything to help working Americans." Watch the weekly address   
This minimum wage petition is about making sure your voice is heard   
Watch the weekly address  With or without Congress, the President won't stop fighting for working Americans. 
FACT  Employment growth in 2014 has been faster in states that raised the minimum wage.  
Check out who joined together to call on House leaders to pass immigration reform   
Follow the team that's now 5 million action takers strong   
"Our country needs it." See why this small business owner wants to  
Retweet if you're ready to  
"The evidence is pretty overwhelming ... that Obamacare has driven down the uninsured rate." More from  
Watch  This shoe store owner knows running a successful business means happy, well-paid employees.  
 "I'm the guy doing his job. You must be the other guy." — President Obama channels The Departed. 

States that raised the minimum wage are seeing stronger job growth   
"And it's your voice that's going to change this country." —President Obama 
"America is making progress—despite what the cynics say, despite unyielding opposition." —President Obama 
"It's lonely doing work all by myself." —President Obama to House leadership 
"There's no denying a simple truth  America deserves a raise." —President Obama  
"I don't want our future leaders saddled in debt before they start out in life." —President Obama 
"I want to make sure the next revolution in manufacturing is happening right here in America." —President Obama 
"We know it's what we should be doing and what drives me nuts is Washington isn't doing it." —President Obama 
"By almost every measure, we are better off now than when I took office."—President Obama 
"This country is not going to succeed if just a few are doing well. This country succeeds when everyone's got a shot." —President Obama
"We've still got a long way to go...we know there are still a lot of folks out there looking for work." —President Obama 
"We have come farther and recovered faster, thanks to you, than just about any other nation on Earth." —President Obama 
