  showing  surging,   have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations, goi…
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT   
 
Really sad news  The great Arnold Palmer, the "King," has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 
 
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10 00 A.M.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!
Sign up  
 
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets … 
" Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes   
The  endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!   
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at … 
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'

Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!   
 EXCLUSIVE  How Donald Trump's 30 million followers are crashing the Internet  
Spoke with Governor  of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. 
SIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN! 
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! 

Will be on  now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on  - Tonight at 10 00 P.M. Enjoy!
"    I love those beautiful gals." D + S = Two amazing women!
.  Thank you!
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets  
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE… 
 WATCH   on "women who work;" empowering campaign celebrates modern women.  
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF… 
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a… 
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together… 
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Thank you Nevada! 
 
 
Thank you Georgia! 
 
 
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at  
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!   
I will be interviewed on the  - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement  Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off' 
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont  
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
"     Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted.
"    he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!"
Will be on  at 7 02 A.M.  Enjoy.
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! 
 more media  showing  ahead in states Pres Obama won twice. 
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing  so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing  has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing  pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky  who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
. just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the  &amp;  police officers- in Philadelphia. 
"Donald Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled"

A very interesting take from  
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two  officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will  Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! 
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes... 
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! 
 
"  hair gets the  treatment on     So true!
" Tonight    a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest  tweets. 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation! 
Will be joining  on  at 11 35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
 What a scary statistic! Americans are working harder and making less! We need competent leadership! 
I will be interviewed by  on  tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York.   
Thank you  
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America!   
 
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon.  
Will be on  at 7 00 A.M. Enjoy!
"  you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016" Thank you!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on  tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon.  
 
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us  
 
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful  in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! 
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm   
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me 
 
Thank you  
Video  
Great poll Florida - thank you! 
  
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! 
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Thank you Rep. 
 
Thank you Rep. 
 
Thank you 
 
 Trump outlines new child-care policy proposals via the  App  seems a candidate of destiny 
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Transcript  
 
 Ivanka penned an Op-Ed that ran in the  this afternoon, read it here.   
  
 Ivanka is joining  to outline an innovative new child care policy to support American families. Tune in to…
Thank you Clive, Iowa!

Join us today! Together, we will 

 
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! 
Tickets   
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon!  
Tickets   
" Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success."
Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  
Stopped by  to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! 
Will be on  at  Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on  at 7 00 A.M.


The seriously failing  despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
 if you agree  We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country.
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
" Just Watched  Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job 
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
I havn't seen  in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer  who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us   
 
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on  at 8 10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful  of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
  
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed  announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
 Join  on Saturday for National Day of Action as we work to   
Jeff Zucker failed  and he is now failing 
. is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They
are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that  just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you!   
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. 
  
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC.   
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as 
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
 Last nights winner was clear &amp; it will be proven time &amp; time again - lets  Lets WIN!!  
"A rough night for Hillary Clinton"  ABC News.
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP   on 
Thank you to  for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you America - great  polls! 
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down!  
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!
 
 
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters  poll'  

" to  for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending   bias
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 11pmE  Enjoy!
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp;  on 11/8/2016!
 
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by    &amp;  
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.  
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm!  
 
Thank you!   
Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking”
or coughing attack, yet it is  trending. What’s up?
" Message for undecided voters  Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!"
Thank you!  
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
Thank you Ohio!  
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls.  
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting  &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders.   
 
Video   
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! 
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
"  I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support  as do I.  by sticking together.
" I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a  fan. Love it."
"     Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big"
"  We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!"
"  It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that.
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community  The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T"
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as  if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
 Doesn't fit the MSM narrative - so they wont share what  did for Jesse Jackson in 1999 - so I will! 
"   CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!"
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow, the failing  has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
. is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all  talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me!  
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!

 
  
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!
  
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to 
Just heard that crazy and very dumb  had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings  Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by  tonight at 8pm on the  Enjoy!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO!  
Thank you for having me this morning  I enjoyed my time with everyone!  
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to  for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Under a Trump administration, it's called  

Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

There will be no amnesty!
 

Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!
 

 We are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First! 
 I hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase, but Trump's immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever given.
Just arrived in Arizona! 

Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!   
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
 We are ALREADY LIVE in Everett, WA for the Trump Rally. Come join us- our cameras tonight!  


 REUTERS POLL   CLINTON, TRUMP ALL TIED UP... 
Thank you North Carolina!  
Thank you America! 
 
" Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house!   
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! 
Tickets   
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! 
Tickets   
  
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as  
 
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
"  I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp; she still has room.
" Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling  you know racism &amp; it's not DonaldTrump  via 
" Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems  via 
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
 Poll   vs.  among white Evangelicals. 
Thank you Arizona!  
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets   
"  America loves Trump and  -- praying for you every day. Stay strong.  
NATIONAL DEBT 
January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLION
August 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION 
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery. 
Thank you Iowa!  
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator  Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
"  Leader   ‘No Regard For Black Race’  via  
" Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump.  she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
  
Join us via our new  APP!   
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! 
Thank you  Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!
  
I will be interviewed by  
at 7pm on  
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat  
Meet the ‘Trumpocrats’  Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President  
"Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery"  
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful  was attacked viciously and unfairly on  by crazy  on low ratings  Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
The Clinton's are the real predators...

" Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!"
"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign."  
" Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner  via dailycaller"
" Flashback  Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor'  
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. 
Full speech transcript  
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!

Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of  speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down  I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida  Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
" . of the  fame - We CAN do this! We can  with  
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor  is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on  @ 10pE  discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will  &amp; enforce our laws!
Thank you for your support!
  
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you!  
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will  
 
Great new poll Florida - thank you!  
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! 



My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County, Texas!
 
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on  at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy! 
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!  
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets   
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a  Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The  quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
. new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio. 
Statement on Clinton Foundation 

Will be interviewed on  at 8 30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of  and his very insecure long-time girlfriend,  Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated  this morning,  unwatchable!  is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
"    Trump leading LA Times poll 
"   The ad was actually very good!"
"    You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K"
"  TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!   
"   Video  Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. 
I heard that  was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!

"  please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful"  Good!
"  been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!"
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. 
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Will be interviewed on  at 9 00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
Thank you  will see you soon.  

" 200,000 new followers for  From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so!  
.   so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts &amp; prayers. 
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.
 
 Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  
Great job by  on interview with  on   
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing  gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. 
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!
 

Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
  
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10 00 P.M. on  - 
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by  tonight at 10pmE on  Enjoy! 
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!
 

We will repeal &amp; replace  which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! 
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. 

 

Thank you Governor  &amp;  Chairman  Priebus. 
 

Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7 30pm!  
Tickets  
 
Video   
 
Transcript  
Will be on  tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. 
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....
Cont  
This is my pledge to the American people  
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%' 
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on  plans.' Only the beginning! 
 
"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION." 
 

Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing  which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing  talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
" You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people   Loves U" Thanks
" We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you!" Nice
"   yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!"
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
" Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you!  Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing  has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on  tonight at 10pm, hosted by  Enjoy!
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will  
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you!  
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
" Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with  your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm"
Ratings challenged  reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
"    People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump." That would indeed be nice!
" THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST  TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton 
"  Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only  will change it"
Will be doing  tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing  turns everyone off. The American people get it! 
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 
 
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by  is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
" Really admire your determination  Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media."
 
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! 
 
 
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" 
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! 
 
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. 
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and  - sad &amp; irrelevant!
.  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on  Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
" ‘Now cut off my mic!’ Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment – HEATED! 
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Thank you Senator  

Thank you  

Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!
 
 But there IS something we will do on  Show up and vote for the   
 . is right. If  gets to pick her anti-  judges, there’s nothing we can do. 
 2/2  How many of our presidents, even our great presidents, would have handled the antics that went on in that auditorium…
 1/2   Believe Trump gave a great speech.
"   Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help  
"   great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016"
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on  now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
 We Can Do Better, We Must Do Better, We Will Do Better 
By LTG (R) Keith Kellogg and LTG (R) Michael Flynn  
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.'  
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!  
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!  
Thank you Senator David Perdue!
 
Thank you 
 
Thank you  together we will   
Thank you!  
Thank you Alex!  
 . encouraged by   says  would benefit from lower tax rate  
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12 15 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at  
 "Will Media Apologize to Trump?" 
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
 CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN? 
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire!   
. - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'

I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
 is not fit to be our next president!  

Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHOCIRCUITED, and other things!
Anybody whose mind "SHOCIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHOCIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Good luck 
  
'Trump is right about violent crime  It’s on the rise in major cities'

Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor  and I will be back soon.   
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!


Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor  and I appreciate your support!   
 
 FORMER HOSTAGE SAYS PLANE WAITED UNTIL MONEY ARRIVED... 
 'Win-lose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States'... 
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.

The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. 
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov.  Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 
3pm- 
7pm-  
Thank you Portland, Maine! 
 
 
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you   
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you!   
Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! 

 
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!
 
 
Thank you for your support of my candidacy!   

Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida!   
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!
 
 Join me in Colorado, today! Look forward to seeing you!

Denver- 2pm


Colorado Springs- 6pm

Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
My daughter  will be on  tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 
Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset' 
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
 Democrat Fire Marshal Turns THOUSANDS of Trump Supporters Away at Columbus Rally  via 
 John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putin’s Uranium Company   
 
Join me in Florida tomorrow! 
 

Daytona | 3pm- 


Jacksonville | 7pm- 

STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP  
Thank you Virginia!  
The Washington Post calls out  for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! 
Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! 
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon.  
 . stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania- prior to main rally.   
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to  for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville 

Daytona | 3pm- 
Jacksonville | 7pm- 
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard. 
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors.   
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon.   
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! 
  
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at  
 

So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing  is a joke.  is laughable!
"  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance.  and  her only hope."
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH  TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention  over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event!  
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via 

Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
 = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. 
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join  in Nevada on Mon!

Carson City  

Reno  
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! 

3pm in OH  

7pm in PA  
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!' 
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, 
NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
"  ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!!  
Thank you Denver, Colorado! 
 
As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
 Job Application 
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!
  
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE  in November! 
"Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal." 
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD! 
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!

Colorado Springs  

Denver  
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. 
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse.  
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Thank you! 

Facebook  

Instagram   
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  
"Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join  at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets  
" "I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT  

Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke.  and the little watched  = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! 
 
"Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win"

Great to be back in Iowa!  with  joining me in Davenport- this past winter.  
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
AMERICA'S FUTURE

Bernie caved! 
" Poll  Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart    Great!
 Good morning! Join me in Lima, Ohio - tomorrow evening at 7pm. 
Tickets  
 Trump makes a funny, obvious joke about Russia going after Hillary's emails &amp; U.S. media goes insane with fury.
He plays t…
 Obama Refers to Himself 119 Times During Hillary Nominating Speech... 
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. 
"   stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE"
" Barack is offended that  will demand that  allies pay their fair share. 
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!


 
Thank you Pennsylvania!
 
 
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!  
"Trump right  Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far"

Great new poll - thank you!
 
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President,  in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!

MI  
WI  
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing  is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary  top adv.
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. 

Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. 
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Thank you New Hampshire! 
 
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm!  
Tickets   
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm!
  
Tickets   
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to  the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
I was at  and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO! 
 
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! 
 
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
 
 
 
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. 
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Thank you!  
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
The  panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump.  is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that  Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!

 
"  Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it"
"  Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals  
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
"  General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! 
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! 
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 

FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION!  
You can watch 360 video live from the podium!    
This is a MOVEMENT!  
Thank you  Proud of you!   
Great job  

Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Great job  Proud of you!
  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Arena was packed, totally electric!
. was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. 
 
 
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Great job  Proud of you! 
 
 
Thank you   
 
Thank you to Governor  for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you   
  

Watching the 
 
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH

The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of  was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
 
  
 

  
 
"  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people."
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! 
Will be on  tonight at 8 30pm  prior to Melania's speech at the  Tune in- she will do great! 

  
 
Networks other than low ratings  have been very fair and exciting!
. is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want  Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon!  
 
 STILL AHEAD   joins us at 7am/et!  
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
" DonaldTrump and his running mate  to appear on  in first joint interview. CBS 
I will be on  tonight at 7 00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...

The ratings at  blow away the ratings of  - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
. is much better, and far more truthful, than  which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
" Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote! 
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you!  
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11 00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
 is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! 
  
Great new poll- thank you America!
  
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the  and  Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone  falls flat in nationwide  Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. 
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most 
pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
 is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! 
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania!  is not qualified.  
Thank you!  
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
THANK YOU INDIANA!  
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!
  
 
I will be interviewed by  tonight on  at 8pm. Enjoy!
The American people agree. No free pass for  
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
 is not qualified!

I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. 
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
 
 
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..
Speech on Veterans' Reform 

Great poll- Florida! Thank you! 
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7 30pm!  
Tickets   
I heard that the underachieving John King of  on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
New poll - thank you! 
 
Way to go   - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
 
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on 
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Thank you Speaker 
   
  
Thank you Rep. Collins!  
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now.   
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? 
Dishonest media!  
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. 
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes,  
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but... 
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8, she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by  tonight on  at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son,  will be interviewed by  tonight at 10pm on  Enjoy!
Looking forward to meeting with  in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! 
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
It was great spending time with  yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On  at 7 00 P.M. "Special  Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting  today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Happy 4th of July!    
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures."
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!"
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched  and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Thank you   
Thank you for your support!
   
 Reminder  last year, Clinton pledged she had turned over all work-related email under penalty of perjury ⬇️ 
Thank you!  
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring!  

Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! 
  
The  to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep &amp; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. 
  
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing  that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!   
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado!   
 
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!   
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here.  

Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while 

Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. 
. great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
 

I will be interviewed by  tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest  refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. 

Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! 

New book by  is absolutely terrific and a must read! 
The story with Hillary will never change. 
 43-39 
For reasons only they can explain, the  wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
"   As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding"
I will be on  at 8 00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center!  
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on  - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The  must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
"   thanks for sharing Eric we need  now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe"
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will
the world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic for
the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just
never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here  
 
 
" Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube"
"     This is why I would think the unions would support  for 
"  also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as  was speaking. 
"    let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs"
" Good for  he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for 
" I'll be a guest today on Making Money with  on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing  Tune in!"
. is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
" Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country BACK.  
" "Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals!" —Donald Trump  
" Hillary read "sigh" off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel   
"    we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush  in general"
The "dirty" poll done by   is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own  
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address  
The  poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. 
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thank you to everyone who came out &amp; joined us  yesterday!    
On the 13th tee box  with my grand daughter, Kai!  
Arriving  with  &amp;  Back to New York tonight. 
Video  
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. 
"  And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!"
"  What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal &amp; illegal immigrants settled..
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership

Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. 
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision  

Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I’m not watching it much anymore.  
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.  
 Trump's speech today is the best persuasion I have ever seen. Game over. Now running unopposed   
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers
&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. 
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers.
 . "I was so impressed by [ speech yesterday. He was the best I've ever seen him." 
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families
 

ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump
"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency."  --   Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
" You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father." Thank you.
" brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You'  slogan   
"  great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!"  Thank you.
  
 
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. 
"    Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers" Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by  tonight on  7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted… 
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as
Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
. We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
" Watch out HillaryClinton 👿 Support  🇺🇸 🇺🇸  🇺🇸 
Yesterday's failing  fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed! 
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. 
 
See you soon Arizona!  
I love you Arizona! Thank you!
  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
  
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!
  
 
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm!    
Thank you Houston, Texas! 
  

Thank you!   
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!  
Thank you- on my way!  
Thank you   
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm!  
 
THANK YOU!  
 Honored to pray for my friend,  at tonight's Dallas rally.  c   
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
" The media attack on  is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep  in the news - a good thing.
Thank you Dallas, Texas! 
 
Houston, TX 


Las Vegas, NV


Phoenix, AZ 
 
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets   
 Flying to Dallas now with  of discord are pure fiction. Great events lined up all over Texas.  Rs wil…
"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer."  
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! 
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from 
U.S. - Mexico border.  
Video   
"  is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, &amp; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB.
 Trump's speech today was Churchillian, only better.  You can tell by the spluttering hysteria on TV about 
I will be interviewed on  at 7 00 P.M.  
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!

Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!
  
 
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon!  
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An  Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump "may have insinuated about  But he's right  
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon!  
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA 


WEDNESDAY! GEORGIA 


SATURDAY! NEVADA 

 HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the  THANK YOU! 
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the  THANK YOU! 
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! 
Tickets   
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd  
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd  
I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right. 
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby   
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is  
 Anyone who plans to talk about Trump ever again has to see this speech.  Your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened to…
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT   
Congratulations to the 2016  Champions, Pittsburgh 
I am watching  and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and  and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2 30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
"  Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. 
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina!   
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon!  
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers!  
Thank you Tampa, Florida!
  
Sad case-  did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to  
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond, Virginia! 
 
Thank you  Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.
  
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! 
Tickets  
  
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!

2004 VIDEO 
Pocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change!  

Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
"Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP
Legacy Of Leading On Women’s, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats" 

The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Join me! 
6/10  Richmond, VA - 8pm
6/11  Tampa, FL - 11am
6/11  Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm
6/13  Portsmouth, NH - 2 30pm

"  RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS &amp; 
" . "Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by  
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
" Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations  
Join me! 

6/10  Richmond


6/11  Tampa


6/11  Pittsburgh

Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated. 
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted? 
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv  

Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
"  please Mr.Trump make  your VP. He is a perfect running mate."  He is a great guy!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
" JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want  You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave 
"  You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen"  Thanks.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
"  Congratulations Mr. Trump."  Thank you!
" Senator Sanders spent more than  yet lost."
 Graph   Historic 13 Million Primary Votes Compared To Every GOP Nominee Since 1908 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
  

"  Why   WHERE IS THE REPORTING  &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA"
"  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!"
"  Great speach!!!!!!!"  Thanks!
" .  doing  on  is awesome. "Number one presidency of all time"
" Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you"
Nobody is watching  anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
"  fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for  at least you'll have a job.
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
" Gee ... Does this make  right one more time? 
" Standing by  all the way to the White House! 
Thank you California!  
 
Thank you New Mexico! 
 
Thank you South Dakota!  
 
Thank you New Jersey! 
 
Thank you Montana! 
 
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9 00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on  - Enjoy!  10 00 P.M.
Thank you! Together we will  
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.
 My next project is pretty amazing…!
xx, Ivanka  
Thank you Diamond and Silk! 
Remembering the fallen heroes on  - June 6, 1944. 
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish  so too should our country. We can be great!
People like  report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching  very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as  is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
"  Our ineffective  has to make a speech in  to make everything look great. Mr. Trump 
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way. 

We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
" Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country!  JOIN ME ON THE  
" Here’s The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About  
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
 WATCH NOW  The  supporters you'd never expect  
Thank you Redding, California!
  
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event  taking place on June 24th.
"I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump."

In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I don't watch or do  anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
" Yes! Hubby and I voted 4  already!  Thank you.
" I think the first female president of the USA will be  a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!"
" This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president!   
" Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?  
"    Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too."
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After  I will visit  in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After  I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, 
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated  Resort, the worlds best.
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1 00pm. 
Tickets  
. Thank you for the nice piece in  / 
Keep up the great work! 
 Beautiful article about  written by my friend, the incredibly talented golfer Natalie Gulbis 

"  Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time." THANK YOU!
"  she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her."
" THIS IS  LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED  NOW!!   
"  A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country."
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight!
 
Tickets   
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict  450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that  gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
"  I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent  We represent  
"     Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took." Thanks.
Thank you Sacramento, California!  
Same failing  "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! 
 
 
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to  on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 10pmE on  Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! 
 
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11 00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
" Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering  
" how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east."
" Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally  STRONG  So true, and remember the M.I.A.'s!
" Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally  A great day in D.C.!
"  "Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans."   
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. 
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing  but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing  wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you!  
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts 

. Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you  many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California!
Thank you!!  
I am on  tonight, a big special.   at 8 00 P.M. ENJOY!
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on  tonight-  at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! 
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN
 
 
Poll data shows that  does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President! 
My wife  and my children will be featured on  with  7pmE. Enjoy!
 
Celebrating 1237!  

Thank you! 

I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs.  for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. 
. just watched you on  thank you!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Anaheim, California!
 
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren  has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
"  Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!"
"  high energy!"
" Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
"  congratulations from India"
"  UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE  🚂 
"  
"  Great job! Make America Great Again!"
 Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Thank you Washington! 
 
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of  Really nice! 
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Thank you  for setting the failing  story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! 

A suggestion for the dishonest media- 
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by  
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it &amp; you will never be able to vote for her.  
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Join me in California or Montana!
5/25/16  Anaheim, California

5/26/16  Billings, Montana

I will be interviewed on  at 8 00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure
wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care of
our vets!
Is Hillary really protecting women? 
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America!  
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!
  
Tickets   
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
 BREAKING POLL  Trump Gains 11 Points on Clinton Since March=&gt; Now Leads Crooked Hillary 46-44  vi…
Why do the networks continue to put dopey  on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
" I trust  more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a  doubt.
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes!  
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
. is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
" Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on  &amp; join  to stop her."
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you  for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole  Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."
  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
"  Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it 
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today  It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! 
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox &amp; the  
  
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the  prior to     
Failing  will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks  
"Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the  at a private event.  cc   
I am on my way! See you all soon! 
"A Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt  
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
Thank you  We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!

How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the  as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the  story which has become a joke!
 
 
Thank you Louisiana!  
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!
 
Why did Clinton supporter  declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey  flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
"  Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare"
"  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for 
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Thank you Oregon!  
 
" Hillary Just Handed  a Huge Gift  Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! 
" No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES 
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited  hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
"   He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016"
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I can't believe that  would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
"    That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
"  Amazing job"
"  Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!"
I like Michael Douglas!
" .  Best interview that I have ever seen.
"   Great interview Megyn"
"     and we love you Diamond and Silk"  I do also!
" Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president 
"   That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed"  True!
" Lovely interview, Mr. Trump!  Thanks.
"   Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts"
"  We actually really do love you!" Great!
"     Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!"
"   it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done."
"   Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!"
"   we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
"   we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!"
" Kudos to  and  for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy 👍"
"   Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job"
"  You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!"
"  great interview with  !" Thanks.
"  One thing we know for sure  supporters will turn to  - absolutely not 
"  speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all.  
" you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need.  is a tough interview! Respect to both"
"   what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!!" Not really soft at all!
"  amazing on Megan Kelly" Thanks.
" . Watching you on Fox with  now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about."
I will be live tweeting  Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
I will be live tweeting my interview with  on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! 
I look forward to watching  tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
 at clerk's offices &amp; 185 ballot drop boxes in 
Closes at 8pm! 

Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
" OREGON votes today! Go vote for  and kick it BIG TIME! 
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue." This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
The writer of the now proven false story in the  Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the  yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the  is failing—who can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
The failing  is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing  story yesterday joined  

Thank you, Anthony   "The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump"  
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing  hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
A political commentator for  which I no longer watch, said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing  story yesterday, was on  saying Times lied
The  is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on  - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the  is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
Great new poll- thank you!
  
The  report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!
 
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing  refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing  piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesn't the failing  write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
"   keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them!  Thanks.
"   Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!"  Thank you!
Everyone is laughing at the  for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
"   OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP 
" Leicester &amp; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?
"   I'm a women &amp; I 100% support  &amp; I have since the beginning. Thank you!
The failing  wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning  Well delivered and totally logical!    
" Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart 
Wow,  is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
Great new poll- thank you! 
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I
have such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon! 
.  Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
Great meeting with  Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C.  
Great day in D.C. with  and Republican leadership. Things working out really well!  
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue.
In interview I told  that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Thanks Piers. 
  
 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson says he'll back Trump for president  via 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
Thank you Nebraska!
  
Thank you West Virginia!
  
 LOUISIANA GENERAL ELECTION
Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton
  
 OHIO GENERAL ELECTION
Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton
  
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Hillary has bad judgment! 
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
Via  and Jason Greenblatt  "Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs"    
WEST VIRGINIA  TODAY!
 

NEBRASKA  TODAY!
 

It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! 
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
.   Great job on  this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
" 🇺🇸I am a woman &amp; I JUST VOTED FOR     
Thank you Jason Greenblatt  "For Our Children  Let's Elect Donald Trump"  
 interesting poll results so far (and go vote on  
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
  


  


"    Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA 
"   The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support  IS the reason they are losers
"  you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Will be interviewed by  on   at 7 30 A.M. Enjoy!
"   good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight." Thank you.
Wow, I hear  has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on  at 7 00 A.M.
.  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
" On   was on the ball &amp;  is in a time warped stupor.  will EXPAND 
I will be interviewed on   at 7 00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On  show  now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
.  Kellyanne, you were fantastic on  today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on  this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
 
 
" I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't.  will give his all for us!
. thank you for your support tonight on 
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the  have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! 
Join me in Washington today!
Spokane tickets 

Lynden tickets 
 
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Response to 

I hear  of rapidly fading  is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
"  Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time!  
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. 
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
Join me tomorrow!  
 

Omaha, Nebraska 


Eugene, Oregon 

Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, &amp; run as an Independent.
Happy  The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!  
I will be interviewed by   at 6pm ET tonight 
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow! 
I will be interviewed on  at 7 30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on  and Good Morning America at 7 00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on  at 6 15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.  Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Thank you Indiana! 
 
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
  

Polls close at 6pm!    

Thank you America!  
 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
  


MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 

Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out &amp;  tomorrow!  
 
 Wow! I am speechless! Thank you to my sidekick  who keeps me &amp; the  in line! 
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on  tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! 
THANK YOU AMERICA!
 
 Donald Trump Jr. On The Record  Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning via  
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp;  tomorrow!   
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy!   
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. 
 
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on     at 7 30 A.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm!  
 
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!
  
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!
 
. is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
I am on  with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with  throughout the day. Enjoy! 
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham  Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
Thank you Indiana!  
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you  for the nice comments on  today. Great job!
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates.   

The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
"    
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
.  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Thank you Indiana!  
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back!  
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine  'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.  

I will be interviewed on  with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy!  
 Seems out of touch w/ reality to announce a VP nominee before securing 1237 delegates.  
 Carly Fiorina no lifeboat for a fast-sinking  campaign  via  
  
 
Thank you Evansville, Indiana! 
 
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!

So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12 00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the  at 7 00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
" I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much."
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
Thank you Laura!  
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!
 
Join me on  from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy!  

 An Honor to be in  w   &amp; the legend, Bobby Knight! I like our secret weapon better!!! htt…
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island!  
Agreed! 
Thank you Newt! 
 GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTON'S FAREWELL ADDRESS.
Thanks Dave! 
Thanks! 
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you! 
Thank you Delaware!  
Thank you Rhode Island!  
Thank you Connecticut!  
Thank you Pennsylvania!  
Thank you Maryland!  
Thank you America!  
Lets  Maryland!  

You have until 8pm to  Delaware! 
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! 

Six hours left to  Connecticut! 
Lets go Pennsylvania!  

How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!

Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
Thank you  &amp;   

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! 
  

Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
    

Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad!  
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!
 
 
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!
  
 
 DEAD HEAT  CLINTON VS TRUMP 
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the  is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
" . awesome job on  DonaldTrump has integrity &amp; he refuses 2 play the game call "Delegate Bribery"
"  turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive  nominee  
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.  Great job and advice on     Thank you!
. was great on  tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to  on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the  today. Amazing job!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! 
Thank you Delaware!  
 
 
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!
 
 
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!
 
 

Video   
Pennsylvania  Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS &amp; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! 
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Thank you Pennsylvania! 
 
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! 
 
Thank you California! See you soon!
 
 
Thank you,    
 
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement!
 

I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the  with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon.   
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific  of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! 
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!
  
 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- 
Off to Indiana!  
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"      Wow, really nice!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
Thank you New York! I love you!
  
. is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O   said such an amazing thing about me!
" Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!!   
"  Your policies will make this state and country great again!  
"  Everybody is "In A New York State of Mind" now!"
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!
 

 A message from Donald J. Trump to NEW YORK!
  
Discussing 
in Buffalo last night- on the eve of the 
LETS GO NY!  

1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for 
   
Who did the House Task Force on
Urgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? 



LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take back
our country, and 
Watch video &amp; go

  closing speech in
Buffalo, New York!

Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! 

Tickets   
Thank you Eric! 
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on  at 7 00 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Buffalo!  
 
 

Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York, we will make America great again! 
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
" . is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule.
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association! 
  
Thank you, California! Will see you soon!  
 
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
  

Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!
  
See you tomorrow Dutchess County, 
New York!  
 
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8 00pm on FOX. Enjoy!  
"   I think it's more like 64%.  
" New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters &amp; increased support for  ...Not surprising."
" Dear  I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN!    
" "Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York – Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire... 
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! 
 
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs.  
  this morning. 

I will be interviewed on  at 9 00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
"   I just voted for  in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit!" Fantastic!
"     we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him" Great!
"  We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! 
"  Praying for your family and your win in New York." Thank you!
Join me this weekend! 
4/16  SYRACUSE - NOON

4/16  WATERTOWN - 3pm
 

Thank you,  

Thank you America!  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York!  
 
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!
  
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by  on  tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy!  
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE!  
Tickets  
  
   
Great to be on  tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12 00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
I LOVE NEW YORK!  

THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!
  
Missouri just confirmed  as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates.  
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! 
  
Thank you Albany, New York!
 
 
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!
 
Tickets available  
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York!   

A very interesting piece, by a very good writer,  of  and  
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  ( is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention 
This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised by
politicians. Repub party is in trouble! 
"   Thanks for Rochester rally."  Great people, thank you!
"  just listened to you on fox. I love you so much."  Thank you!
"  Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. 
"   Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp; own the news cycle"
I will be interviewed on  at 7 00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
 

I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The  purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
" New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart   
"     let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump"
"  Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow!    A big crowd!
"   Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people."
"   If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard"
" GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).
"  is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. 
"   California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out &amp; vote."
"     get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
"      Your tax and economic plans are second to none!  Media shld report.
" Poll shows  leads among registered Republican women with 44%. 👍🏻  Thank you!
"  here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention.  Very sad!
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife,  today.  
"  The Real Person Of The Year!   Wow!
"  Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!! 
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
"  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done!   🇺🇸"
"   Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
"  Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to 
"   we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! 👏👏👏" Thank you.
" All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate  that will put ALL OF YOU &amp; AMERICA FIRST  
" We support you  You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
" HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of  &amp; I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!
" Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on  I'll post  
“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on  Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by  
Nobody beats me on National Security. 

Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. 
Jennifer is a terrific person. 
"      Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - 
" Great interview with  on  regarding  path to victory   
"  Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!"
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
"  first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?"
"  let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy,  foreign policy, and NATO! 
"   Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!"
"  we can only do that with  
"    Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony"
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! 
  
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the  Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Still time to get out and VOTE!
  

 Last chance  Find your polling location for today's primary &amp; go vote! Visit  🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Wow,  is in total disarray 
with almost everybody quitting. Good
news -- bad, dishonest journalists! 
  To find your voting location visit     🚂💨💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
" Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote  only candidate that will protect your rights! 
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open!  today &amp; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

"  " is the only guy, I think, that has the will &amp; the nerve to attack &amp; to fight." 
" Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love   VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
I will be on   tonight at 10pmE w/  from Wisconsin. Enjoy!   
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you!  
 
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! 
Will be interviewed on  on  from  tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you 

Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you!  
 
This Tweet from  has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you!   
 
I am on  with  doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!
 
Congratulations to  for winning the  We are all proud of you  &amp; all  clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with  Join us!   
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!
 
 
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania! 
  
" "I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE." And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! 
Thank you!   
"    IS THE ONLY DEAL !!! 
"  VOTE SMA RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/  
" is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about  cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
I will be on  with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
" Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner  
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. 
 on Tuesday, April 5th!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I will be interviewed by  on  tomorrow morning. Enjoy! 
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!
Thank you  &amp;  Just arrived in  
  
. should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
. Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have  General Counsel,  as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee!  
Tickets   
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If  stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with  beat her by millions!
Is it possible for  to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 

Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! 
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!
  

Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? 
For the 1st time in American history, America’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
 
 
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!  
THANK YOU, AMERICA! 
 
 
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN!  
next Tuesday, April 5th! 
 
Just had a very nice meeting with  Priebus and the  Looking forward to bringing the Party 
together --- and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine  Peace Through Strength.  
 
" Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for  
"   I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary."  Great!
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!
  
 
Congratulations to  for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP!   
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. 
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!
 
 
 Nice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal  Trump’s three eldest children jump into campaign 
. got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on  being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final  just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified  show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Thank you!  
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter 

Thank you!  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? 
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune. 
Victory press conference was over. 
Why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? 
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the  &amp;  show the new  Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow,  has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
"  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!"
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
"  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals   7,546,980;  5,481,737;  2,724,749" A BIG DIFFERENCE
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
"Kirsten Powers  Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story" 
via the Gateway Pundit  
"  We stand by Trump 100%"  Thank you!
I will be interviewed on  at 7 30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
"   will defeat ISIS and  
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
See Lyin' Ted, even the  (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump! 
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes  is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on  this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the  Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
"     WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. 
" Dear  after doing a quick Google &amp; Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying."
"  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math  Trump  ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S&amp;P  1314.5% 
" Turns out  was wrong.  had nothing to do with it 
" Your instincts on foreign policy &amp; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined."
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
"  blames  for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis."
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- 
"  Cruz &amp; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt;  
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
"   They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all" A dead show
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs.  is wasting time
. T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO"
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
"   Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it"  
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing  wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
. and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how  gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
" . thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people."
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
" "A picture is worth a thousand words"       
"  Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity.
"   self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like  Who owns Ted?"
"  You have over 2M followers more than than  This says something about how America feels.  🇺🇸"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank  for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
Thank you, Arizona! 
 
 
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Thank you, Arizona! 
  
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a  under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
 message from  
 

 message from    

 video  
     
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible  tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time &amp; time again I have been right about terrorism. It’s time to get tough! 
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
  We made it easy to find your polling location for today's primary! Simply visit  🇺🇸 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
" Here's Trump  in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. 
"  The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you."
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
"   Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop"
So the highly overrated anchor,  is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on  this morning. Enjoy!
" What’s  strategy to secure the GOP nomination? I’ll talk to the Republican front-runner. 
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
" TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US &amp; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and  on Tuesday!  
  
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters!  on Tuesday!
 
. You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! 
. Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!

. Just watched you on  with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! 
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and  on Tuesday. I love you!
 
Wow,  ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump, all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to be back in Arizona!
  
If crazy  didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy  says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
" after tonight it is clear! Utah is       
" Check out "HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ"  
" Honored to be in  with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
" Actually, no   has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate.
" It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months 
" 1st time I heard  I said "wow". I liked him! I then became a closet  fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
" Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; "We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him" 
" Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States    
" Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling
"   I totally agree!  is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!"
Thank you- New York! I love you!
  
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! 
Reading  of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met  of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected!  
Watching  fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. 
Love Utah- will be back!
 Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of  Says  played a big role
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another "ceiling"  - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! 
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the  show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona- I love you! 
  
Join me tomorrow! 
 

Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who "choked" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO! 
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
. got fired like a dog from RedState
and now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator  made horrible statements about  – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!
 

Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. 
Highly overrated &amp; crazy  is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. 
Please explain to the dummies at the   Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
. is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
. Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy  is now complaining that   did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that  has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy  supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. 
Thank you, Missouri!  
Wow, just won Missouri!
 I can skate here ONLY b/c  fixed this rink after NYC gov’t spent $13M, but FAILED! Good for Trump! 
I am making a big speech the night of the  debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  Lyin’ Ted Cruz
had zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President? 
.  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
" . I think  can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
. You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on  at 8 30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on  at 7 40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on  on  at 7 15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on  at 7 00 A.M. Big wins last night!
"    That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her"
"  I thank God you are on board with  to help him and us  Ty!!"
Thank you Marco, I agree! 
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at 
Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois!  
  
Thank you, North Carolina!   
 
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy  is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida!  
  
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!  
 
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!
"    If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates.
"  is trying so hard to bash  it's ridiculous" Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
"      Hayes is looking depressed as well. 
"     I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team."
"     She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says."
" Was going to watch  for the primary results but saw  - looks like  tonight"
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
 Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to b…
 
✅Florida
✅Illinois
✅Missouri
✅North Carolina
✅Ohio 
 
 
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
 Friends in     &amp;  we would be honored to have your     
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you!  
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter,    
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
"    Listening to interview on replay of  Savage Nation  DONALD TRUMP !!!!!" Thanks.
"  WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close
"  I believe that  will be the big winner tomorrow."  Thank you!
"   Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse."
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it!  

THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out &amp;  tomorrow.  
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! 
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! 
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders.  
Video   
Just received from  
Thank you Pete!  on 
Tuesday Ohio! 
 
 LIVE Stream  Donald Trump about to speak in Boca Raton, FL. Protesters already before Trump speaks.  


LYIN' TED 
The failing  is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!

Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive! 

Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the 
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
" It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!"
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
 Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet…
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! 
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
 
Video   
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton &amp; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio! 
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. 
No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! 
 
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history!   
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support!  today! 
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres!   
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman &amp; conservative. 
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! 
 
 
Rumor has it that  is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's 

Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. 

"I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."

 Prob w/ all pundits saying last fall  had no chance is that shows media so out of touch w/ Americans
 Please read my full endorsement of   for President of the United States  
 I endorse  It’s time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government …
 Many people fight for change in DC.  is a leader with an outsider’s perspective &amp; the vision, guts &amp; ene…
 The Scrum  Video Emerges to Suggest WaPo Reporter Ben Terris Misidentifies Lewandowski in Fields Incident  Breitbart htt…
Thank you!  
" Let's be clear..  is about "Never someone we don't own" You either play into it &amp; let them win or vote Trump.
Thank you America! 
 
Thank you Mark.   
"    Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him!" Thank you!
Wow, you are all correct about  - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Another Dishonest Politician 
 
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. 
  
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii! 
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
 LIVE Stream now  Donald Trump press conference   
Thank you Michigan! 
Thank you Mississippi! 
Thank you!  
Thank you America! 

Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear  /  came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
 Aloha Hawaii  We would be honored to have your vote! Find your caucus    
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total  When you watch, remember!
Hawaii 

Idaho 

Mississippi 

Michigan 

 

 

 

 

Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says  Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
" Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii today! Amazing father!  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you  
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho &amp; Hawaii  Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video   
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly &amp; are bad for America. 
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no &amp; they went negative. Extortion! 
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It

I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! 
Thank you!
I will be interviewed by  tonight at 10pm EST on  Enjoy!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio  

Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- 
nobody grows them better. As 
President, I will protect your market. 
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews. 
" Setup is underway  rally in Madison.   Thank you!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
"    WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP ❤ &amp;TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ... 
"    A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. 
. and  did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3 00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to  and  for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are  in the ratings!
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters  

The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
Thank you Michigan!  
FLORIDA  Do not miss this opportunity to  Thank you   
I will be interviewed on  this morning. Enjoy!  
. is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Thank you Kentucky! 

Thank you Louisiana! 

 If you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas remember to vote today! Together let's  htt…
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship  in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Thank you Willie Robertson! 
   
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship  in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the 
I am watching two clown announcers on  as they try to build up failed presidential candidate  Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
. was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
   
Getting ready to make my speech at  A great honor!  
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! 
To the people of Kentucky, 
Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. 
 
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re  caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)
KY his 2nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
 

Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!
 
 
 Friends  Remember to VOTE tomorrow if you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas!  🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!
 

Thank you Cadillac, Michigan!  on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 
 
March 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas  
 
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election  
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan!   
" Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right?   She is a major loser - no clue!
" GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT  OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy!  
Thank you America!  
 
MY POSITION ON VISAS
 
 
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University.   
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as the 
Chairman of my National Security 
Advisory Committee.  
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine!
 
 
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! 
Will miss  tonight at the  I hope all of Ben's followers will join the  We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
" People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen 
"  teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again."
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
 As predicted, Trump reaching out to make peace with Republican "establishment".  If he becomes inevitable party would be…
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump"
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!
" I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake"
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
" The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
 
Video   
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.
Video   
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here  
. poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
"   is 100% correct  And u and the rest of u  muppets refuse to HEAR HIM." So true!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
My wife  will be  w/  tonight at 7pmE on  Enjoy! 
 
"   I took Trump University class and saved my home!"
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
" FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state.
" Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. 
" Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold."
" "A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination" for Rubio, says   …"
" For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump"  So true!
Thank you Vermont! 

Thank you Arkansas! 

Thank you Virginia! 

Thank you Alabama! 

Thank you Tennessee! 

Thank you Massachusetts!  
Thank you Georgia!
 
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! 
 on 3/5/2016! Lets 
 
Lets go America! Get out &amp;  

  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Who has voted today??? Feedback from the polls? I'm like a kid on Christmas!   
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! 
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
 Gov Nikki Haley just became a liability for Rubio after this was published to social media! 
 . in 2012 w/ Romney on tax returns🤔(political ploy.) Fast forward..2016 w/ Robot Rubio🤖
 
Got the endorsement of Brian France and  yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out &amp;  tomorrow!  
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE!  
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott,   &amp;    

Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys. 
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and  tomorrow! 
My wife  will be joining   tonight at 8pmE on  Enjoy! 
Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico." 
   
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people!
 Video   
"Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York"
 

Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!
 

Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow!    
My sons, Don and Eric, are on  now 7 35. Great kids, enjoy!
Thank you 
 
 
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video   
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! 
Phylis Schlafly  'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' 
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. 
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE! 
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action.  
" Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol"
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. 
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. 
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
  
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
"  A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America.  
" “It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.” –  
"    anything is better than 
" It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony."
"  Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty.    
"    GO TRUMP"
" DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isn’t afraid to tell it like it is." Governor 
We need to fix our broken education system!  
 
Video   
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out &amp;  on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
Incredibly proud of my son  &amp; his efforts on behalf of  in Memphis, TN.  
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. 
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar
. was just banned by  - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
"  There's only one real candidate, and it's you! Donors control the other candidates!  Thank you.
 Friends  If you live in AL, AK, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VT or VA, get out and VOTE on Tuesday!  
I will be on  at 8 30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
" Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3  Wow!
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress!   
" A majority of evangelicals believe  is best equipped to save the country. 
"  Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country."
"  in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak" Thank you!
What I would do on my first day in office. 
Watch   
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing 
supporters!  
 
Never let them see you sweat! 
Thank you for your support &amp; 
friendship- Governor 
  
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11 30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at 12 00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
"    yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump"
"  Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !"
"  trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said "peed" - is he still in junior high school."
"  Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight"
"  "that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before" favorite line from tonights debate."
" Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!
"    he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-
" Vote Early in the    will  
"   Also, all the things Rubio&amp;Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills."
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting!  
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good. 
  
Thank you!  Polls 
 
  
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
Failed presidential candidate  was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
THANK YOU!  
 
 
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
Thank you Illinois!  
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!
 

I'm going to do what  was totally unable to do- WIN!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Schedule &amp; tickets   
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? 
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Why doesn’t  just endorse  already.
Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too late
now!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
Great new poll. Thank you Texas!   
"    hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic
"   Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!"
"   Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!"
"  Love it!  is done. We need someone who is proven.  will make America Great Again"
"  Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion &amp; energy to 
"  A vote for  or  is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!
"  Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time 
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out  Poll snd Q Poll.
Texas, Georgia &amp; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!
 VOTE VIDEO   
" That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!"
"  This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!"
.  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! 
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
" Oh great  is doing a  on  like losing the presidency wasn't enough  He's a fool
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey  He should be fired!
I am in Virginia  Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here  
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! 
Watch  
. Poll and  say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio.  on  is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
 did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by  on  now (8 30 A.M.). ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA!
 
 
Username  realdonaldtrump 
 
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 
 
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
  locator -&gt; 
Exclusive interview w/ my wife  tomorrow morning @ 8amE on  w/   Enjoy! 
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8 30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight!  …
My wife Melania will be on   tomorrow morning at 8 00. Interviewed by  - Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks, Nevada!
 

 Finder  


 
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on  that many people who supported  are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
 Nevada remember you can "Vote and Go" - walk in vote and walk out! 
Caucus locator    
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today! 
  

"    Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process &amp; gets it right"
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
" TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.
"  gets it. Was just on  explaining how Trump wins the general election."  Thank you Ed!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!
 
 
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!   
 Nevada  Here is a quick video  created on "How to Caucus" - very quick and simple!  …
Ted Cruz said on  that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on  tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased.  said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10 00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by  on 
Thank you Vermont!  

Thank you Michigan! 
Trump 35%
Kasich 17%
Cruz 12%
Rubio 12%
Carson 9% 
Via  ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! 
 on 3/15!
Trump 36%
Cruz 18%
Rubio 18%
Carson 10%
Kasich 7%
Via 
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. 

Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news!  on 3/15!
Trump 28%
Cruz 15%
Rubio 14%
Kasich 13%
Bush 8%
Carson 6%
Simon Poll/SIU
 Thank you Elko County, Nevada. So much amazing feedback from my forum today I really appreciate it   ht…
I will be on  tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy!   
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Thank you for your endorsement    Video   
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
"  Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! 
" No matter what liar sleazeball  says about  in Tennessee. We have early voting and  has won.
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
"    FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP"
" You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!"
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
" Nevada we are on our way!   Caucus locator   
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!  
 Nevada we are on our way!  
Caucus locator   
 Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood  shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never…
Thank you South Carolina!  
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re  Jeb.  
The failing  Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you  for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
" This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol  
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
" This veteran just voted  in the SC primary, let's make America great again!"
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
"   All aboard the Trump Train!"
" Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60% of Americans still supported the war. 
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
"    this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting! 
"     EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA"
"   is the only one who will protect American interests.  
" WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE!  
"  Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it! 
"  is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio.   He is weak on illegal immigration!
"  Get out &amp;  if you don't  NOTHING will change it's that simple!  
"    TheTrump phenomenon summed up  “Leadership, Fighter and Winner.” Not a Liar 
Lying  Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
"  If you want a job next January  today.  will work for the people."
"  I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
I have built so many great &amp; complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs-video   
  
   
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld  twice! I am the only one who will 
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of  including the mandate, period.
A message from     
Video   
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will  
"  ĺ  Tonight on CNN  was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people"
Tonight I will be on  with  at 10pm and  w/  at 10 10pm. Enjoy!  
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!  
 
 "Pope Francis, tear down that wall!"
 
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!
  
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina!   
 Pope on Trump  "A person who thinks only about building walls...is not Christian." This is Vatican City. 
 . - Pope who lives in a Vatican city fortified with huge walls thinks it's wrong to build walls? Really? 
Response to the Pope 

I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
. is changing their  theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying  is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
  
Thank you America! 
 
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina!  
 

THANK YOU AMERICA! 
  
Thank you Nevada!   
  
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece,  and just go home.
. is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
. who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on 
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
"    Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be  
" BUSTED AGAIN   in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising   The guy is bad news
Why does  devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
"     FOX  TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE -  TRUMP IS WINNING 
Thank you   for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina.  
"    They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it."
. thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to  and  who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Will be interviewed by  tonight by phone- a late show first   Enjoy! 
 
Thank you, South Carolina!   
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! 
 is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero.   
Just sat down for a great interview with  in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! 
Thank you!  
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you!  
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!
VOTE on Saturday!  
Thank you for your continued support!
 
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ  
 
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private "Eminent Domain" --- Just another clueless politician! 

Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)

I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
 
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete &amp; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? 
"   Jeb is incompetent and will lose, don't waste your energy on that cry baby!"
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot,  only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
"   you crushed the debate! Thank you!
  
Hey  see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! 
 
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can  beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the  stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.  
Lightweight  said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! 

On the way to the  with my wonderful wife 
 
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/  saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
"  On   Shipping  To  ‘I’m The Only One Who Understands What’s Going On’ 
" I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card, &amp; take back our country
"  will rule  
"   We know better than to trust the RNC    So cute!
 Nevada  Reminder that today is the LAST day to register to vote in the February 23rd caucus! 
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN!
 
"Get on Trump's List" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. 
Email  
"  was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back.   I told you so, only going to get worse
"  stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!
"   Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this."
"    They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!"
"  Let's Get United In America With  
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on  and article in Newsmax! Great insight
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. 

The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. 
" Nice column by Bill Donahue, head of Catholic League. He's a blue collar New Yorker and gets it 
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch!  

Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s  loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing  will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! 

 
Millions of $'s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater   and sleepy  are now running in S.C.
"    Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?"
"  good I want to see the court decide what I was always told "natural born" means - born on American soil"
"  you have just been put on notice  We Stand with you...  Thankyou.
Last time lightweight  tried to knock off  he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
If  doesn’t clean up his act, stop cheating, &amp; doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight  is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. 

The failing  destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.

Visit  

Message from  
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement, “Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin &amp; others?  
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will   
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! 
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/  How can he preach Christian values? 
"    Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask 
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon.  

We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
. showed a focus group on  me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless  but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina!   
" Which is it  ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?  Get rid of it fast.
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7 00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great entertainer" - I assume that is a compliment!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless  looks like  will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless  which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless  has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
" My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners  DonaldTrump A  v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+  went too long
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now!  
 
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our "leader" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at  
    
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day!  
Video   
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! 
  
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on  at 8 40. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
Remember  wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader!
Thank you, New Hampshire!  
Thank you, New Hampshire! 
    
Voting questions?  
  

Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!
  
 "Jeb is a weak guy." 

 . Trump has had a lot more responsibility to deal with than any of the other GOP candidates

America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video   
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of  and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire.   
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on  at 7 02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the  last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl.  
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire!   
Thank you Newt!  
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow  
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast  this morning!  
 
. 
  
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! 
I am on  now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union  with  at 9am. Enjoy!
"  "This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.""
" Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night."
" Trump won that debate. People can huff &amp; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. 
"  Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always,  calls it right  Trump held them off. 
" Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure"
" Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making"
" Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights."
" Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)"
" Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night."
"  Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio.
" My debate report card  Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B+, Kasich B+, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here.
" Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South."
" "The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order."  
" . dominating  searches throughout   
" . led in  conversation during the   
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now   
 Debate ready!!!    
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
"  IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.
" If I owned a big company that was failing, I'd hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered"
" AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz &amp; Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful &amp; not owned candidate"
"    How come Rubio&amp;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?"
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire!   

The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders &amp; the drugs will stop pouring in. 
"     He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!"
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
"    is the only hope to 
"   all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying."
"  Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest!  Thanks!
"  DonaldTrump  no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.  TRUMP 2016"
Border agent  "We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether"

I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! 

It never ends!  
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals. 

10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. 
Really dumb  Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
" Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets!   
 Watch  Donald Trump OWNS A Heckler Who Said Illegal Immigrants Are The Backbone Of America 
"  why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trump’s talk materializes! He will make America great again
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! 

Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.

Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to 
I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Live Free or Die  A motto for the whole country to follow.    

Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire!    
"   I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up &amp; you'll have this Democrats vote."
Watch  on NOW! 
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on  from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice! 
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns! 
Watch  
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum. 
.  as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
  &amp;  discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. 
Thank you  &amp;  Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. 
 
 CONSTRUCTIVE WINS! 💪 
      
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to 
  
Thank you New Hampshire!   
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies."
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against  repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote.  
I will be interviewed on  at 7 00 P.M. Enjoy! 
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that  was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on  tonight    begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! 
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! 
  
 
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
"  All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!"
"  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! 
  a real leader that truly cares about America &amp; our values. He wants to bring prosperity back 2 USA 
"  Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won."
"  if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing"
 Remarkable how cost-effective Post says Trump campaign was per vote and stunning how much Jeb spent per vote.  
"  You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!"
.   on  He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"
 The  prevailed! Smart for  to keep his speech short &amp; sweet. Ditto for  who was brie…
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
 CEDAR RAPIDS --

TRUMP'S DAUGHT IVANKA 

"I can just say without equivocation, my father will make America great again."
 Sat down w/   here in Iowa.  Talked God,  late night tweets 
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us! 
11am WATERLOO  
1 30pm CEDER RAPIDS   
. &amp; his wife  attended the  here w/ Governor  
Watch  show you how easy it is to  in Iowa!  Video   
 Trump winning over Latino Republicans, poll says | New York Post 
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! 
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
 Video   
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with  this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With   this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
. is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. 
. asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony 
. is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
 
 
 
 

I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video  
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa!   
"    damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!
"   So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?"
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa!   
Tickets   
.  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
. is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like  who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!
. looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than  as your Senator. Saw him on  - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!
 
 finder   
They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record.
Thank you, America! 
Via  
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa!   

Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! 
 
 
"Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet  THANK YOU!" John Wayne Walding 

Thank you!
Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. 
Trump 47% Clinton 43% 
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you!  
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud
Thank you for your interest &amp; support during last nights   finder   
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!  
Thank you for your support!

Thank you, America!  
 • 2/1/2016 • 6 30pm


Iowa caucus finder    
Thank you for the kind words tonight,  You were great! See you soon!
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.
 Video   
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! 
Watching biased Charles  a  flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
"Donald Trump Hands Bill O’Reilly Cable TV Viewership Win"- 
  Finder 
 
I hear that  $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted’s) holdings.?
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016  Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. 
Tennessee GOP Poll

Trump 32.7%
Cruz 16.5%
Carson 6.6%
Rubio 5.3%
Christie 2.4%
Jeb 1.6%
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! 

  Finder 
 
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done!   
“What America Needs  The Case for Trump” Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord  Available now. 
" I hope  has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching  Watching Trump tonight 
" So  brings in  to add credibility in her fight with    
"   
"  Pathetic attempt to bribe  He can't be bought"
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
"  why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, he's not eligible"
"  Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, it's a great country"  So true!
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
" new  WSJ poll shows  pulling ahead of  in    Great!
"  ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is."  GREAT IDEA!
"   Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing.
" I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. We're just tired of it from your side. 1949z    NO!
"   debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada"
"      Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?"
"  takes  hit on advertising revenues by screwing with  ROFL! 
"  9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS."
"    is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors"
"    And this is the bimbo that's asking presidential questions? 
"  Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!"
"  Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!"
  Finder 
 
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina!
 
 
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, 
I will be interviewed on  tonight at 8 00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests.  
 LIMBAUGH  By not showing, he's owning entire event... 
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by  was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001
  

Pathetic attempt by  to try and build up ratings for the  Without me they'd have no ratings! 

Thank you, America!
  
"Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation" 

"Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump"  

THANK YOU! 
 finder   
Do you think  knows about  dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
Should I do the  
. begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himself—a bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
  

For the great people of Iowa, find your  location at  - so important to vote! 
Why doesn't phony   tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
I will end common core. It's a disaster.

  
"  The next president isn't on ur stage.  is the next president."
"  CRUZ IS DONE  
" . Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0%, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!"
" hits new heights in national poll at 41%" 
"Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%   
 VIDEO   announces 'a very powerful endorsement' will be coming today.  
I will be interviewed by  on    at 7 30 A.M. Enjoy.
"    it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair"
I will be doing   this morning at around 7 00. Likewise, I will be doing  at around 7 00. Figure it out!
" A huge disappointment to see  constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show."
"   just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written.
"     I believe in Trump!!!"
"     Megan can not contain her bias, it's in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT"
"     I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View."
"     It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump."
" My pal  was just on Megan Kelly's show! He digs Trump.  Thank you David, you were great!
"       BECK wanted to commit suicide after  surgery, clearly is unbalanced!"
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire!   
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. 
" &amp;  leading POLLS w/ one week until  ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on  7PM"
Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum  ‘National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year’ 
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! 
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll  are way down!
I will be on  with  from 5-7pm est. on 
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
Find out where to  on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!
   
 
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- 
 RUMSFELD  Trump "has a touched a nerve in our country...in a way that most politicians have not been able to do." - 
  tromps  Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Mu…
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow!    
3 00pm   
7 30pm  
I will be on The Situation Room with  from 5-7pm est on CNN
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters.  
Video  
IPSOS/REUTERS POLL
Thank you!  
 
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
" Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump"
"    LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!"
"  will be overtaken by  We are superior and have more supporters.  
"   trump right again  Nobody supports Canuck Cruz   
"  Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him,  DonaldTrump
" From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink, Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks. 
 Trump +15 on Cruz in 2 weeks. Cruz may look back and ask why he ever attacked Trump. DT has killed him ever since.  
"   ... You are like Superman, everywhere! But I'm keeping up.  Great!
"    Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD"
"   It's time we take America back! No more puppet presidents!  So true!
"  You said it best!  
Fox News Poll
Thank you, New Hampshire! 
 
New Fox News Poll
Thank you, Iowa!  
 
I will make our Military so big, powerful &amp; strong that no one will mess with us.   
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S.   Enjoy!
I will be on  this morning at various times across the U.S.   Enjoy!
"  i honestly believe you are the only one who can make 
" Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb.
" . Great comment after last rally  on  "Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz." 
"   I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you"
" Full Speech  Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16)  via  One of his best ever"
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. 

review-doomed
Word is that crying  left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. 
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
I will be on FOX with the great  tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! 
. such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
For the great people of Iowa, find your  location at  So important to vote! 
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by  of the  

Failing  lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. 
Based on  conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
. has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history.   
 
" Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core
" One year from today. 
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
"  cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots.  WILL be our next President.  
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me.  

Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets.
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for  He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant  doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
. one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! 
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Just received the new Fox poll.
Thank you, America!  
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out .TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
New National GOP Zogby Poll
 
 
"National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump"   

New Reuters poll! Thank you!
  
The dying  National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective &amp; have been for years! 
"  Poor Jeb. I could've sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day! 
" Truth be told, I  never heard of The National Review until they "tried" to declare war on you. No worries, you got my vote!"
After spending $89 million,  is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy!
The failing  National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
" Poll  Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined.  
"  clarified how  is used to interpret meaning of   
"  Washington Post  Constitutionally speaking,  simply isn’t eligible to be president 
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem
"  calls Cruz "constitutional hypocrite" on     
 eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor,  
"   With your help we can  
"  No sleep for the 
"  Isn't it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can't win. The American people have Trump!"
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
 Make America Great Again!  
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you, Iowa!  
  
Why does  have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
  
Thank you, New Hampshire!
 
Thank you!  
Thank you, Iowa!  
Happy birthday to my friend, the great  - a totally special guy!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly.  is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Low energy candidate  has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack  has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.
So sad that  and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
"    Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!"
"    
 
UNIFYING THE NATION
Video   
"  You're the only candidate we can trust, other candidates are controlled by their donors! 
Wacko  is a sad answer to the  endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
" Trump destroyed Hillary &amp; Sanders moved in. But he didn't destroy her, Trump did.  So true!
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you!   
Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times  
Thank you, New Hampshire! 
  
Thank you, Florida!  
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! 
 Trading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned, despite what the media is try's no... htt…
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with  to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! 
 
LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE
Video   
" Breaking News  Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists 
" President Donald Trump (just getting used to it)" Wow, very nice!
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. 
Video   
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment 

   - VIDEO   
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,” said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
 I look forward to being on  with  at 7 40pmET. 
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read   
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. 
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday-  
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support.  
. Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!
  
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend  a loser- he’s a winner!
. Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives  credit. 
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
. great job on  Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
". Exclusive   Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than    
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! 
We launched a new series of  videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch   
A great morning with everyone  Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now.  
 
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. 
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us  
Thank you  for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad  
"  great on    too"  Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore!
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally!   
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. 
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about &amp; demeaning? 
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you!  
Greatly dishonest of  to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will  give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes. 

Great new numbers. Thank you! 
 
 
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian," did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
. is a total clown. Has zero credibility!    
. please explain to the very dumb and failing  that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
.  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on  tonight. You are a true champion! Thank  - great guy!
"  got ass kicked by  last night-He offended every New Yorker &amp; has no answer to Natural Born issue
Jusr watched   on  - he was great!
     obvious to all that he raised some GREAT, responsible, patriotic kid…
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the  media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
WSJ/NBC Poll  Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race.  
" Enjoyed watching  at his rally yesterday!  I've never seen the Bay Center that packed! 
"   no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!"
" Massive crowd in Pensacola, Florida! Unbelievable! THANK YOU!  
" Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight...   A fantastic evening!
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
" Standing with  as he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA 
"   There isn't anything Donald Trump says that I don't agree with. Go Trump!"
. "Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real"   
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does  put him on?
Why does  &amp;  waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
. unbelievable job on  with  That was better than I could do! 
THANK YOU!  

THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected   poll just released.   
 REUTERS ROLLING   TRUMP 39%, CRUZ 14.5%, BUSH 10.6%, CARSON 9.6%, RUBIO 6.7%... MORE... 
Thank you! 

My nomination would increase voter turnout.  
 

Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
"       THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP"
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa!      
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that  is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
The  speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. 
New CBS poll. 

Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you!   
Such a serious problem for Ted &amp; the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. 
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
THANK YOU!  
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
. horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
" . --failed "strategist" who can't find clients criticizes winning  Stop complaining &amp; try winning
Fantastic job on   tonight.  is a winner! 
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful  at 11 30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!   
. Major Garrett of  covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
Thank you Michael Harrison  for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
Will be on  with  on  at 11 35pmE. Enjoy!  
. recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
New Iowa poll. Thank you!
  
. is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to  of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!
  
So professional of  news to throw out the failing  newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
Great job on Fox this morning  I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend  on winning a  A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does  w/  allow a hater &amp; racist like  to waste good airtime?  can do much better than him!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers!   
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isn’t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. 
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
In the just out  Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
" Trump pummels his opponents - and the press | SunHerald    Thank you!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with  tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I'm protesting the  from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! 

(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person.  
. watched on  and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
Thank you,  Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion &amp; do what is right. 
Constitutional law expert   Tribe of Harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on  - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
 Poll - THANK YOU!
  
  
Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their  leaders can’t compete!
I hope all workers demand that their  reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
Not good news for Jeb Bush  
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the  campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
"  You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!"
"   I agree with you on this.  won't be good. He will be great!"
"  Key State Florida Poll  Trump 32% Beats  Combined  
" DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable! 
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on  We love Barbara!
The   once great when headed by  is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
 Explosive Trump attack on HRC, Bill, Monica, Cosby, and Weiner. Trump camp just upped the ante on "women's rights" 
Hillary and her friends! 
Weak &amp; ineffective  is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for  whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
. Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
. was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing  newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
Do you believe that  in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received  
I will be on  for a  interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Don’t like  golf swing.  Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I don’t cheat at golf but  cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son,  Very proud of you!
 
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
"  Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies"
"   Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!"
"    I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best"
"  Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!"
"  mr trump you were excellent on  tonight"  Thank you!
" # ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls  'Slave of the  Video    ARE YOU WELCOME NOW"
" .  Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable &amp;  Kingly."
"    If Trump doesn't win, we may not be able to recuperate America."
"  gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!
"  if  doesn't win, I'm leaving this country 
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! 
"   I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are!  Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!"
"  What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!"
I don’t know  to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan.
Wow  circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10—bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
"  My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !!" Great!
"  watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!"
" Iowa key endorsement for  Can't wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks!  
"      Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that
"   Donald get big business back and# MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016"
"  The crowd was HUGE  
"  Mr. TRUMP this was your best, most energized one to date. ( and i have watched most of them)... WELL DONE
" Wow! Let's hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize  is the real deal!
"  Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell, MA tonight"
" Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED! 
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is  finance chairman. If Woody would’ve been w/me, he would’ve been in the playoffs, at least!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
" Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time.
" This  is voting for   Thank you for supporting IOWA!   My great honor
By the way, Hillary &amp; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the 
Al-Shabaab terror video. 
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
"   bashing distinguished women journalists won't win you votes"  She is 3rd rate, a total dummy!
"   I love  &amp;  REAL MEN w/ an opinion Exciting interesting controversial
. of the  was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
. said today on  that "attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before." Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp; won!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Let's ALL get out &amp; VOTE in 2016, so we can  
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
" Well done  display of Southern pride and hospitality at  event. Fired up and ready to go!!"
"      is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium."
Thank you   Remember this night &amp; spread the word to get out &amp;  
"  How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made  a big problem"
 So proud to be out on the campaign trail with  - thanks for an amazing night   
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support!  
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
. is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
. is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS   
 &amp; together we will  THANK YOU for your support! 
Thank you so much to  for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
" I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degree.   Great!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
"  Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind   I agree!
" I'm one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I can't wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!"
" We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake &amp; sleep praying for you &amp; the USA!+Israel2"
"  we love u to Trump Family. God bless you."
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
"   they're spending millions but you're still going to win - go Donald Trump"
" Hillary said she was in a "Fog of War" as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!"
Happy New Year from  Thank you to my great family for all of their support. 
 
HAPPY NEW YEAR &amp; THANK YOU!  
I will be on  live,  with members of my family, at 11 50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEAR'S EVE, just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family &amp; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016!  
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son,  Very proud of you!   
I would feel sorry for  and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
  
" Nevada Poll  Donald Trump 33%, Ted Cruz 20%, Marco Rubio 11%...  via   Great news!
" Just heard a 25 year old man say "I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sanders"it's time for me to leave this party."
" 'On Point' with Gov. Sarah Palin &amp; Donald Trump 
" Donald Trump is running the most cost-effective presidential campaign in modern history  Thank you!
" I have a message for Donald Trump  No, we’re not going to hate Latinos, we’re not going to hate Muslims."  I fully agree!
" . reaction that  is dropping out of the 2016 race. Your thoughts? 
" The Most Influential U.S. Gymnasts Of All Time        Fantastic Shawn
People ask, "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about  when he is so low in the polls?" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
"    I get pissed off every time I see his ads on Fox. Waste of money! Go Trump!"  Many do!
"     Jeb is such a lightweight"
"  Veterans Love Trump" But I love the VETS even more!
"    Patriots for trump! 
. has spent  $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  
"  ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP!👍👍☺   Thank you.
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I predict that dying  newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher "Stinky" Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. 
Great poll- thank you Nevada!
  
I'm going to be live with  and  to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to  tomorrow night!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina!   
