California police officers buy bicycle for teen who walks 2 hours to work every day.  
Pres. Obama tweets condolences following death of Arnold Palmer  "Thanks for the memories, Arnold."… 
Viola Davis tells audience her experiences with sexual assault led her to become an advocate for the Rape Foundatio… 
Arnold Palmer, one of the greatest and most popular players in the history of golf, dies at age 87.… 
8-year-old Maryland girl honored for recognizing her mother was having a stroke, making 911 call that saved her lif… 
Marlins mourn José Fernández  "Brightest lights often the ones that extinguish the fastest."  
Charlotte lifts curfew imposed Thursday in response to protests after the shooting death of Keith Lamont Scott.… 
Student captures moment shooting started on University of Illinois campus; 1 killed, 4 wounded in pair of shootings… 
Jack Nicklaus posts statement following death of Arnold Palmer  "He was the king of our sport and always will be."… 
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take the debate stage tomorrow. Here's everything you need to know … 
Arnold Palmer died in Pittsburgh of complications from heart problems, CEO of Arnold Palmer Enterprises confirms.… 
Tiger Woods on death of Arnold Palmer  "Your philanthropy and humility are part of your legend."… 
Entertainers, politicians, fellow golfers tweet condolences upon death of golf legend Arnold Palmer.… 
JUST IN  Golf legend Arnold Palmer has died at age 87, according to the U.S. Golf Association.… 
Four people wounded in shooting in Malmo, Sweden's third-largest city, authorities say.  
Washington mall shooting suspect was in a "zombie-like state" when he was taken into custody, authorities say.… 
Country singer Jean Shepard, a Grand Ole Opry staple, has died at age 82, according to Opry spokeswoman.… 
Fuel tanker carrying gasoline and diesel continues to burn off Mexico's Gulf coast, a day after erupting in flames.… 
Several thousand residents of Cedar Rapids, Iowa's second-largest city, evacuate their homes ahead of flooding.… 
JUST IN  City of Charlotte announces midnight curfew has been lifted, "effective immediately."… 
Suspect arrested after man killed inside Las Vegas Starbucks following argument, police say.  
Dog owners and their four-legged friends take to the streets of Peru's capital for 'Perroton,' a race promoting spo… 
Clinton leads Trump 57-32% among college-educated white women voters in new  News/WaPo poll… 
Prince William, Princess Kate leave kids with the nanny as they tour Vancouver.  
Clinton camp manager  Clinton shouldn’t have to spend debate correcting Trump's "lies"  
At least 26 civilians killed in fresh government airstrikes on Aleppo, Syrian activists say.… 
Photographer dad gives his 19-month-old son a camera and the results are kind of cool.  
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take debate stage tomorrow. We'll have live, comprehensive coverage on  TV and… 
MLB holds league-wide moment of silence for Miami Marlins pitcher José Fernández, killed in boating accident… 
New  News/WaPo poll shows the 2016 race tightening ahead of tomorrow's presidential debate… 
Federal court rules Ohio's voter purge unconstitutional  
Trump campaign manager says Gennifer Flowers hasn't been invited to tomorrow's debate.  
 . rejects "campaigns thinking it is the job of the media to go and be these virtual fact-checkers." 
NEW  Shooting inside Las Vegas Starbucks leaves one dead, Las Vegas Metropolitan PD says; one suspect in custody.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take the debate stage tomorrow night. Here's everything you need to know … 
Miami FD remembers José Fernández, who met just yesterday with Christina, a 20-year-old with end-stage kidney disea… 
Gary Johnson vows to stay in the race, even though he won’t be on the first debate stage  
Clinton faces greater expectations for tomorrow night's debate, with 47% in ABC/WaPo poll believing she'll win … 
Some Good Samaritans get a round of applause after rescuing a stranded deer from Cedar River in Waterloo, IA. 
From Halloween to Christmas, family celebrates every holiday before their dad is deployed  
What will a victory in tomorrow's first debate look like for Trump or Clinton? Their campaign managers weigh in … 
Panthers QB Cam Newton does pre-game workout in Charlotte wearing shirt bearing MLK quote  
Trump camp says foreign policy advisor "has no role" following report of alleged meetings with Moscow officials… 
 Miss this morning's  Catch the highlights ahead of the first debate showdown between Trump and Clinton, in just…
Clinton leads by 19 points among women in new ABC/WaPo poll, Trump by 19 with men—biggest gender gap in a generatio… 
Solar backpacks provide study light for children without electricity. Lupita Nyong'o wants to see them go worldwide… 
London police arrest 35-year-old man suspected of hacking Pippa Middleton's iCloud account  
Emotional Don Mattingly honors José Fernández  "There was just joy with him when he played"   
Who's playing Trump in Clinton's mock debates? Her longtime aide Philippe Reines    
. president tears up honoring José Fernández as teammates hold up his jersey    
Miami  mourn José Fernández  "The brightest lights are often the ones that extinguish the fastest." 
Sen. Chuck Schumer wants emergency alert system upgraded to include photo and video capabilities… 
Charlotte boosts security for Panthers game amid protests over fatal police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott… 
Prince William, Princess Kate arrive in Canada for their first royal tour as a family of four… 
Stumping for Clinton, Elizabeth Warren accuses Trump and his fellow Republicans of "making hate okay"… 
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson  US and UK left "door open" to Russia in Syria  
MORE 

-No indication of alcohol or drugs
-2 others killed were friends of Fernández's
-None were wearing life vests

Florida Wildlife Commission spokesperson  José Fernández's death a "tragic loss"  "He was pillar to our community." 
LIVE  Coast Guard holds press conference on boating accident that killed pitcher José Fernández… 
Clinton, Trump to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Sunday in New York  
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take the debate stage tomorrow. Here's what you need to know … 
MORE   "stunned and saddened" by death of pitcher José Fernández this morning.  
MORE   release statement saying team is "devastated" by death of José Fernández, canceling today's game.… 
JUST IN  Miami Marlins pitcher José Fernández killed in early morning boating accident off Miami Beach.
 Clinton camp manager Mook  Clinton shouldn’t have to spend debate correcting Trump's "lies"  
STARTING NOW  One day before the first debate, Trump and Clinton campaign managers  and Robby Mook c… 
Demonstrators in Charlotte hold moment of silence following release of Keith Lamont Scott police footage… 
Suspect apprehended in Washington mall shooting that left five dead, but motive remains unclear… 
New  News/WaPo poll shows the 2016 race narrowing on the doorstep of the first presidential debate… 
UK police arrest man in hacking of Pippa Middleton's phone  
Charlotte police release video of Keith Lamont Scott shooting.  
Peaceful protests in Charlotte Saturday night, following release of Keith Lamont Scott shooting video by police… 
New  News/WaPo poll shows the 2016 race narrowing to a dead heat ahead of the first presidential debate… 
Arcan Cetin, suspect who gunned down 4 women, 1 man in Macy's makeup dept. in custody, motive unknown… 
Ashes to Auction  Capote remains sell for $45,000 
French leader vows to shut down "unacceptable" Calais migrant camp  
Obstacles abound as 2 poor US cities -- Cleveland and East Cleveland -- consider merging  
3 bodies found in the sea off Florida Keys 
New Orleans  Hundreds protest Jackson, Confederate monuments; David Duke heckled by protesters… 
Priests' murders rattle Mexican City gripped by violence  
Health Officials  Multistate E.coli outbreak sickens 7 
Standoff at San Francisco's Civic Center ends peacefully  
Trump says he'll do more for women as president than Clinton  
Anthem protests spread to colleges, WNBA player sits  
12 hurt when bus carrying Chinese teens crashes by Yosemite 
Funeral held for Terence Crutcher, unarmed man shot by Tulsa police officer  
NEW DETAILS &amp; PHOTOS  3 gunmen shoot, wound 8 people including three-year-old girl on Baltimore street… 
NYC "Trump tombstone" on display after police confiscate it  
Rihanna, Kendrick, Metallica play at Global Citizen fest  
North Korean Defectors Who Became Chinese Brides End Silence  
US guidelines on self-driving cars get good reception at G-7  
NEW  Photos of police capturing suspect Arcan Cetin, who allegedly gunned down 4 women, 1 man in Macy's makeup dept… 
NEW 
-Mall gunman suspect a legal permanent resident, immigrated from Turkey
-Motive unclear, terror not ruled out… 
Pres. Obama  New African-American museum tells "essential part" of the American story  
WATCH LIVE NOW  Police holding press conference about the capture of suspected WA mall gunman Arcan Cetin, 20,… 
Florida dentist accused by more than 100 families of harming their children while making millions.… 
New News/WaPo poll  47% believe Clinton will win Monday’s debate, vs 33% for Trump    
. News/WaPo poll  75% see Trump in good enough health to serve as president, compared to 53% for Clinton … 
 Trump leads Clinton by 59 points among non-college white men, a group Romney won by 31 points in 2012  
Clinton leads Trump 57-32% among college-educated white women voters in new  News/WaPo poll… 
NEW  Seattle-area mall shooting suspect in custody identified  Arcan Cetin, 20, of Oak Harbor, WA; mugshot released… 
New  News/WaPo poll shows the 2016 race narrowing to a dead heat ahead of the first presidential debate… 
Clinton campaign releases new video criticizing Trump for his comments about women  
Former Pres. Bush, who signed 2003 bill to advance building of African American museum, attends dedication in DC… 
6-year-old cancer-stricken girl in remission after family crowdfunds $180K for experimental treatment… 
Charlotte police release video of Keith Lamont Scott shooting.  
BREAKING  Suspect in Washington state mall shooting in custody, police say.  
Airstrikes in Aleppo kill 12 members of the same family, including 6 children, observer group says.… 
Mike Pence praises NC officials for "restoring order" after protests over fatal police shooting… 
What does the latest  News/WaPo poll show just one day before the first presidential debate? Find out Sunday on… 
One day before the critical first debate, Trump and Clinton campaign managers  and Robby Mook come t… 
Tens of thousands march in Mexico City against president's push to legalize same-sex marriage… 
New York Times endorses Hillary Clinton, praising her for bringing "a raft of pragmatic ideas" to the election… 
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take the debate stage in 2 days. We'll have live coverage on  TV and on digita… 
Syria says it's "making great strides in its war against terrorism" with support from Russia, Iran 
Stumping for Clinton, Elizabeth Warren accuses Trump and his fellow Republicans of "making hate okay"… 
Eastern Michigan University president says he supports students' right to protest over racist graffiti 
8 injured after teen driver crashes into people awaiting homecoming parade in suburban St. Louis 
Seattle Mariners suspend catcher for rest of season over controversial tweets about Black Lives Matter, Pres. Obama… 
Legendary Louisiana accordionist Buckwheat Zydeco dies at 68  
Trump camp says foreign policy advisor "has no role" following report of alleged meetings with Moscow officials 
 Charlotte police chief  "No single piece of evidence...proves all the complexities" of Keith Lamont Scott case. 
Hillary Clinton's "shrewd" longtime aide Philippe Reines playing Donald Trump in mock debates… 
Police chief  "Based on totality of what we see," Keith Lamont Scott "was absolutely in possession of a handgun." 
MORE  Charlotte Police Chief Putney says "officers are absolutely not being charged by me at this point."… 
Charlotte PD Chief Putney  Evidence will show that "the facts we started with are the facts that remain today." 
NEW  Police Chief Kerr Putney says police releasing are department's tapes of fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott 
Charlotte Police Chief Kerr Putney says he will release "facts, footage and an explanation of where we stand today." 
NEW  Gov. Pat McCrory says he "concurs" with decision to release police footage of fatal Keith Lamont Scott shootin… 
WATCH LIVE  Charlotte police hold press conference on fatal Keith Lamont Scott shooting  
Hundreds of protesters gather in Charlotte to demand release of police footage of fatal Keith Lamont Scott shooting… 
Obama administration pushes back against states targeting Planned Parenthood funds  
FBI says no indication of terrorism link in Washington mall shooting that left five dead  
Anti-Trump super PAC launches pre-debate video ad using students from the university where the debate will be held… 
What you should do in the wake of Yahoo's email security breach  
Trump campaign says it plans $140 million worth of advertising from now until Election Day  
A familiar face is expected to be in the front row of Monday night's debate supporting Team Clinton  Mark Cuban… 
Trump and Clinton are taking dramatically different approaches to debate prep  
 George W Bush needs an assist taking a selfie at  dedication, enlists Pres. Obama   
Pres. Obama rings bell dedicating  with four generations of African American family  
West Wing cast members hit campaign trail in Ohio for Hillary Clinton  
Legislator calls for "thirst revolt" as persistent drought threatens Tunisia's crucial farming industry 
Nearly 2 million people in Aleppo without running water following recent escalation in fighting, UN says… 
 . at dedication ceremony for  "Let us now open this museum to the world"  
. gets emotional imagining taking grandkids to  "Together we'll learn about ourselves, as Americans." 
Federal government invites tribal leaders for consultations as fight continues over Dakota Access Pipeline… 
Pres. Obama  Museum "illuminates" debates of our time, can help protesters, law enforcement understand each other. 
 . African-American History Museum tells "a glorious story...that perhaps needs to be told now more than ever" 
 . African-American History Museum shows how "protest and love of country...inform each other" 
 . Museum shows how African-American history is "central" to the American story  
. Roots of African-American History Museum "wider and deeper than any tree on this mall." 
There are only 45 days left until the presidential election. Watch the first presidential debate on  Monday. 
WATCH LIVE   addresses dedication ceremony of National Museum of African American History… 
LATEST  Authorities release new images of suspect in Cascade Mall shooting  
Charlotte and Tulsa  How the aftermaths of the two deadly police-involved shootings differ  
Oprah Winfrey, Will Smith hold "poetry battle" at dedication of Nat'l Museum of African American History and Culture 
MORE  FBI says there is no indication of terrorism in Cascade Mall shooting, but not ruling it out. 
LATEST  Authorities have not yet identified shooter in Cascade Mall shooting; say he walked into mall without rifle. 
 George W Bush  I'm proud to see African American Museum stand "where it has always belonged  on the National Mall." 
Florida dentist accused by more than 100 families of harming child patients while making millions of dollars… 
Stevie Wonder  "Inner vision sees what we all know and feel. And I know and feel that we must come together." 
10 must-see items at Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, being dedicated today … 
FBI releases nearly 200 pages of documents from Clinton email probe  
Poaching syndicates moved large shipments of African elephant ivory last year, despite global efforts against them 
 LIVE  Ceremony to dedicate the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History  
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take the debate stage Monday. Here's what you need to know … 
Lawmakers vow to override Pres. Obama's veto of 9/11 bill  
Trump, Clinton differ on proposals for law enforcement.  
Police  Man who shot 2 at Tennessee plant had gun permit  
JUST IN  Jeremy Corbyn re-elected leader of Britain's Labour party  
US Olympic sports lag on minority, women hiring  
Boy on scooter does $1 million in damage in Wal-Mart arson 
JUST IN  Death toll rises in Seattle-area mall shooting to 5, as male victim dies; gunman still at large… 
UK  British warplanes bomb ISIS to support Iraqi push on Mosul  
Obama  African-American museum tells "story of all of us"  
MH370 wreckage hunter won't give up until mystery solved  
Imam in bombing suspect's hometown speaks against violence  
Cheers, groans as Puerto Rico struggles with power outage  
Netanyahu to meet with Clinton and Trump on Sunday  
Mourners remember Detroit officer who died after shooting  
September gets summery as California heat wave descends  
Air show displays North Korea's flight skills, new airport  
Judge dismisses lawsuit over sex offender passport marker 
NEW  Triple suicide attack north of Baghdad Kills 11 troops 
MALL SHOOTING UPDATE 
-The 4 women were fatally shot in Macy's makeup dept.
-Police  Male in critical condition "mo… 
JUST IN  Death toll in WA mall shooting rises to 4 women fatally shot; 1 man in critical condition, gunman at large… 
MALL SHOOTING UPDATE
-FBI  "No info to suggest additional attacks planned in WA state"
-Suspect (pictured) at large… 
Airstrikes in Aleppo kill 12 members of the same family, including 6 children, observer group says.… 
Gov't invites tribal leaders to consultations as Standing Rock Sioux Tribe fights to block Dakota Access Pipeline. 
SpaceX  Evidence points to breach in rocket's helium system during routine prelaunch test that turned into fireball… 
Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist Flea teaches Koko the Gorilla how to play the bass guitar. 
UPDATE  3 dead in Cascade Mall shooting, 2 injured, including 1 with life-threatening injuries, WA state police say. 
JUST IN  Washington Gov. Inslee on Cascade Mall shooting  "Our hearts are in Burlington."  
JUST IN  Skagit County, WA officials release image of suspected Cascade Mall shooter; gunman remains on the loose.… 
JUST IN  ATF responding to active shooter at Cascade Mall in Burlington, WA; at least 4 killed, state police say.… 
Early voting expected to rise in 2016 as in-person balloting begins.  
Pre-school teacher surprises mother of 4-year-old girl dying of kidney failure with news that she is a donor match.… 
LATEST  
- At least 4 killed in shooting at mall in Burlington, Washington
- Location of sho… 
LATEST  
- 4 killed in shooting at mall in Burlington, WA
- Location of shooter unknown
- Police clearing mall
JUST IN  4 people killed in active shooting situation at Cascade Mall in Burlington, WA, Washington state police say 
DEVELOPING  Active shooting situation near Cascade Mall in Burlington, WA, Washington state police say. 
Rhinebeck, NY mansion believed to have inspired phrase “keeping up with the Joneses” sold at auction for $120,000.… 
 Boris Johnson sees "false analogy" between Brexit and U.S. politics   
NO FEAR  Girl performs death-defying maneuvers at extreme heights in Hong Kong and China. 
Hillary Clinton campaign is out with a new video criticizing Donald Trump for his comments about women.… 
Pres. Obama calls the opening of the National Museum of African American History and Culture a mark of "progress."… 
Florida dentist accused by more than 100 families of harming their children while making millions.… 
California police officers' association buys bicycle for teen who walks 2 hours to work every day.… 
3-year-old boy rescued after surviving three days alone in the wilderness in a remote part of Siberia.… 
Top 4 slots on Forbes' new list of the world's highest-paid TV actors are occupied by stars of 'The Big Bang Theory… 
Child in California diagnosed with leprosy and another child is suspected of having the disease.… 
FLOTUS  "My great-great grandfather was a slave and today I live in the White House. That progress is huge."… 
Senators slam Wells Fargo's arbitration agreements; say it enabled accounts scandal to stay out of courts for years… 
6-year-old cancer-stricken girl in remission after family raises $180K for experimental treatment from crowdfunding… 
Dramatic video shows 5-year-old girl being rescued from rubble after an airstrike in Aleppo.  
Betty Shelby, the Tulsa police officer accused of fatally shooting Terence Crutcher, is out on bond.… 
Maryland teen who was pepper-sprayed by police shares her side of the story.  
Friend of murdered UNC student describes the moment she found her body. "There was just blood everywhere."… 
Pres. Obama  "I do really well with the 8-year-old and 6-year-old demographic. My name is fun to say."… 
NEW  Lawyer for Keith Lamont Scott's family  Decision to release video was made in "name of truth and transparency.… 
Airstrikes in Aleppo kill 12 members of the same family, including 6 children, observer group says.… 
Pre-school teacher surprises mother of 4-year-old girl dying of kidney failure with news that she is a donor match.… 
What we know about the videos from the shooting death of Keith Lamont Scott that Charlotte police haven't released … 
Hillary Clinton calls on Charlotte police to release video of the shooting death of Keith Lamont Scott.… 
Pres. Obama vetoes bill that would allow 9/11 victims and their families to sue Saudi Arabia in U.S. courts.… 
NEW  Hillary Clinton will travel to Charlotte, North Carolina on Sunday - 
JUST IN  Pres. Obama vetoes bill that would allow families of 9/11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia in U.S. courts. 
Ted Cruz endorses Donald Trump  "I pledged to endorse the Republican nominee, and I am honoring that commitment."… 
NEW  Sen. Ted Cruz endorses Donald Trump  "A year ago, I pledged to endorse the Republican nominee, and I am honori… 
3-year-old boy rescued after surviving three days alone in the wilderness in a remote part of Siberia.… 
Orlando gunman called 911 after massacre  "I want to let you know I'm in Orlando and I did the shooting."… 
SEC charges former NY Gov. Paterson for failing to report stock transactions in movie studio that's subject of fraud case - 
A California police officers' association buys a bicycle for a teenager who walks two hours to work every day.… 
Video capturing moments leading up to and following fatal police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott released by family.… 
Dramatic video shows 5-year-old girl being rescued from rubble after an airstrike in Aleppo.  
 Terence Crutcher's sister reacts to Tulsa officer being charged for her brother's death  "It's just the first step." 
Senators slam Wells Fargo's arbitration agreements; say it enabled accounts scandal to stay out of courts for years… 
Child in California diagnosed with leprosy and another child is suspected of having the disease.… 
Charlotte mayor  Shooting video of Keith Lamont Scott should be released; depends on timing.  
In 3 days, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take the debate stage. We'll have live, comprehensive coverage on  
Jane Fonda auctioning off 700 items, including pieces from her wardrobe and an Andy Warhol pop art lithograph of he… 
6-year-old cancer-stricken girl in remission after family raises $180K for experimental treatment from crowdfunding… 
Charlotte police chief says "it's a matter of when" in regards to release of video of Keith Lamont Scott's shooting. 
Charlotte mayor believes video of shooting of Keith Lamont Scott should be released  "The question is on the timing" 
NEW  Charlotte police chief says they've apprehended suspect in murder of Justin Carr, who was shot during protests. 
Charlotte mayor says schools, daycares, 'travel for services necessary to sustain well-being' exempt from curfew. 
Heavy rainfall across Midwest causes flash flooding around the region, closing some schools and major roadways.… 
Top 4 slots on Forbes' new list of the world's highest-paid TV actors are occupied by stars of 'The Big Bang Theory… 
Hillary Clinton campaign is out with a new video criticizing Donald Trump for his comments about women.… 
FLOTUS  "My great-great grandfather was a slave and today I live in the White House. That progress is huge."… 
Father of NY, NJ bombing suspect says he told the FBI in 2014 his son "had become bad...his mind was not the same."… 
Pres. Obama says his hope for Charlotte is that people "pull together and say ‘How do we do this the right way?’"… 
U.S. pledges $133M in additional humanitarian assistance to South Sudan's refugees and internally displaced people. 
 'The Shawshank Redemption' debuted in theaters on this day 22 years ago. 
Pres. Obama  Discrimination in the justice system should concern "all Americans.”  
NJ police officer wounded in shootout with bombing suspect surprises students to thank them for their well wishes.… 
 Ray Charles was born on this day in 1930. He would have turned 86 today.

Rest in peace... 
Tulsa police officer reacted "unreasonably by escalating the situation" with Terence Crutcher, prosecutors say.… 
 Stunning shot of a full moon behind One World Trade Center. 📷   
Woman in Georgia exchanges gunfire with home invasion suspects; 1 suspect killed, police looking for the other 2.… 
Solar backpacks provide study light for children without electricity   
THIS MORNING ON   &amp;  talk about new season of  LIVE in Times Square.… 
EXCLUSIVE ON   urges 'peaceful' approach to reforming policing in wake of  
Woman in Georgia exchanges gunfire with home invasion suspects; 1 suspect killed, police looking for the other 2.… 
Dad's heartbreaking school photo highlights son's loneliness. "Never have five letters cut so deep."… 
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel announces $36 million youth mentoring effort to fight and prevent crime.… 
3 Phoenix police officers resign in wake of allegations they forced man to eat pot found in his vehicle, chief says… 
Wisconsin governor declares state of emergency in 13 counties as up to 10 inches of rain falls on parts of Midwest.… 
Terence Crutcher's twin sister, Tiffany, "grateful" that "officer who senselessly killed" brother will face charges… 
Pres. Obama offers his advice for Hillary Clinton as she prepares to debate Donald Trump  'Be yourself.'… 
Authors of new book 'Let Them Eat Dirt' say keeping kids too clean might make them less healthy.… 
Donald Trump  Hillary Clinton shares "directly in the responsibility for the unrest that is afflicting our country.… 
Rome reopens iconic Spanish Steps after controversy over fence to protect them from drunks, tourists and others.… 
East Tennessee factory worker fatally shoots 2 supervisors before taking his own life, authorities say.… 
Marriott acquires Starwood for $13 billion to become the world's largest hotel chain.  
Police bodycam footage shows officers pepper-spraying a 15-year-old girl following a bicycle accident with a vehicl… 
Radar shows string of Texas quakes were caused by injections of wastewater in drilling for oil, gas, scientists say… 
Mexican prosecutors say they have detained man wanted by the FBI for kidnapping, rape, homicide charges in Chicago.… 
Mia Farrow's 27-year-old son, Thaddeus Wilk Farrow, dies after being found seriously injured in his vehicle.… 
Rare white wild cats — four lions and three tigers — born in the past week at private zoo in central Poland.… 
Southern California school officials say no danger to classmates of child who tested positive for leprosy.… 
Utah's Great Salt Lake nearing record-low levels after years of below-average precipitation and record heat.… 
Satellite images show Puerto Rico before and during islandwide blackout that knocked out power for most residents.… 
L.A. homeowner, dubbed the "Wet Prince of Bel Air," used 11.8M gallons of water last year during California drought… 
As curfew takes effect in Charlotte, police say they won’t enforce it as long as protests stay peaceful.… 
DA announces manslaughter charges against Tulsa officer in shooting of Terence Crutcher.  
Dad's heartbreaking school photo highlights son's loneliness. "Never have five letters cut so deep."… 
White House looking into possible cyber breach after apparent scan of Michelle Obama's passport posted online… 
Developing  Source tells  News that Yahoo data breach was discovered only in the "in the last few weeks."… 
NJ police officer wounded in shootout with bombing suspect surprises students to thank them for their well wishes.… 
EXCLUSIVE  Pres. Obama 1-on-1 with  urges 'peaceful' approach to reform policing in wake of… 
With curfew to take effect in less than 30 minutes, Charlotte PD reports no injuries during tonight's demonstration… 
N.C. Rep. Robert Pittenger expresses 'regret' after saying Charlotte protesters 'hate white people' in BBC intervie… 
Michael Jordan calls for 'peaceful demonstration and conversation' in the wake of the violent protests in Charlotte… 
Riot gear-wearing police use tear gas, pepper spray to disperse protesters on third night of unrest in Charlotte.… 
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel announces $36 million youth mentoring effort to fight and prevent crime.… 
 EXCLUSIVE  TOMORROW ON   sits down with  &amp;  
Rusty patched bumble bee may be added to endangered species list as 90% of population disappears over past 2 decade… 
Three Phoenix PD officers resign following allegations they forced man to eat pot found in his vehicle, chief says.… 
Tulsa police officer reacted "unreasonably by escalating the situation" with Terence Crutcher, prosecutors say.… 
Pres. Obama shares emotional video of 6-year-old who asks to host Syrian refugee. "We should all be more like Alex.… 
Woman in Georgia exchanges gunfire with home invasion suspects; 1 suspect killed, police looking for the other 2.… 
MORE  Charlotte curfew will remain in effect until "end of the State of Emergency is declared or until the official… 
JUST IN  Charlotte mayor signs order for curfew to take effect tonight at midnight until 6 a.m. Friday… 
Pres. Obama awards Medal of Arts to Mel Brooks for "lifetime of making the world laugh."  
Secretary of State John Kerry says he's 'frustrated' by broken Syria cease-fire.  
Three dead after shooting at factory in East Tennessee, authorities say.  
LIVE  Protesters take to the streets of Charlotte for a third night of demonstrations after fatal police shooting.… 
 EXCLUSIVE  TOMORROW ON   sits down with  &amp;   
Police in Charlotte say the man shot in the head during last night's protests near a downtown hotel has died.… 
Terence Crutcher's twin sister, Tiffany, "grateful" that "officer who senselessly killed" brother will face charges… 
To help Hillary Clinton win the first debate, campaign asks for online support "early and often."… 
If president, Donald Trump's sanctions against Russia could conflict with his business interests, experts say.… 
 TOMORROW  EXCLUSIVE   one-on-one with  urging 'peaceful' approach to reforming policing in wake of 
Pres. Obama offers his advice for Hillary Clinton as she prepares to debate Donald Trump  'Be yourself.'… 
Mother of Keith Lamont Scott talks about shooting of her son in Charlotte  "I will like justice for my child."… 
Mass. police release video showing toddler trying to rouse her unconscious mother from an alleged drug overdose.… 
Donald Trump Jr. defends now infamous Skittles tweet as a "simple metaphor."  
Air racing pilots narrowly avoid serious injury in runway accident in Reno, Nevada.  
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are taking dramatically different approaches in preparation for their first debate… 
L.A. County Dept. of Children and Family Services investigating child abuse claims involving Brad Pitt, sources say… 
OK Gov. on officer being charged in death of Terence Crutcher. "We must remain patient as the case works its way th… 
NEW  Keith Lamont Scott's family has viewed the police video from the day of shooting. 
U.S. Attorney’s Office investigating Anthony Weiner’s alleged inappropriate texts with a minor.… 
NY, NJ bombing suspect still unconscious after having been shot 7 times in shootout with Linden, NJ police.… 
Senators ask the U.S. Department of Labor to investigate Wells Fargo over accounts scandal.  
Rhode Island man pleads guilty to conspiring to provide material support to ISIS and to commit terrorism transcendi… 
NEW  FBI investigating Yahoo claim that "state-sponsored actor" stole info relating to 500 million user accounts. 
JUST IN  US attorney investigating Anthony Weiner's alleged inappropriate texts with minor, officials say; subpoena issued for cell records.
Tulsa officer Betty Shelby charged with first-degree manslaughter in shooting death of Terence Crutcher, DA says.… 
BREAKING  Tulsa officer Betty Shelby charged with first-degree manslaughter in death of Terence Crutcher, DA says. 
Police bodycam footage shows officers pepper-spraying a 15-year-old girl following a bicycle accident with a vehicl… 
Parents worried if their premature newborn would survive document every day of her first year of life.… 
NY, NJ bombing suspect was shot 7 times during shootout with Linden, NJ police; he remains unconscious and intubated at hospital.
Although Donald Trump has praised “stop and frisk,” the controversial technique has a questionable history in NYC.… 
Connecticut authorities rule the death of Mia Farrow's 27-year-old son, Thaddeus Wilk Farrow, a suicide.… 
JUST IN  Yahoo believes "state-sponsored actor" stole info relating to 500 million user accounts at the end of 2014. 
Secret Service aware of alleged email hacking of White House employee; may have compromised FLOTUS' passport info.… 
NC Gov.  "We cannot tolerate any types of violence directed toward citizens or any type of destruction of property." 
NC Gov. commends "incredible work" of police. "They've done their job. And they still have a lot more work to do." 
Mia Farrow's 27-year-old son, Thaddeus Wilk Farrow, has died after being found seriously injured in his vehicle.… 
House committee votes to hold Clinton's former IT staffer in contempt of Congress for failing to show up to testify… 
Michael Jordan on death of Keith Lamont Scott, Charlotte protests  “It is more important than ever that we restore… 
Donald Trump says drugs are a "very, very big factor" in Charlotte protests.  
Secret Service “aware” of “alleged email hacking of a White House employee” that may have compromised private passport information of FLOTUS
NEW  Bombing suspect's ex-girlfriend "appalled" at bombings; says she and her child have had no physical contact wi… 
AG Lynch says DOJ sending 4 members of Community Relations Service to Charlotte in light of violent protests.  
AG Lynch says DOJ and FBI are monitoring local investigation into police-involved shooting of Keith Lamont Scott. 
9-year-old twin sisters dance with bone-marrow donor who saved them.  
Pres. Obama awards National Medal of Humanities to Terry Gross, who has interviewed 12 of her fellow medalists. 
Pres. Obama awards National Medal of Arts to Audra McDonald "for lighting up Broadway as one of our brightest stars" 
Pres. Obama awards the 2015 National Medal of Arts to Mel Brooks "for a lifetime of making the world laugh." 
LIVE  POTUS awards National Medal of Arts, National Humanities Medal; winners include Morgan Freeman, Mel Brooks.… 
California woman finds set of dog tags while antiquing and returns them to widow of veteran they belonged to in NJ.… 
NY, NJ bombing suspect's wife is back in the U.S. and cooperative "to a certain degree," official says.… 
Charlotte descends into chaos in second night of protests over the police-involved shooting of Keith Lamont Scott.… 
Charlotte police chief says no curfew to go into effect at this time. "We don't see the need to shut the city down." 
Charlotte police chief says he requested state of emergency in the city to protect the people, officers and property 
Sanctuaries prepare for influx of retired private lab chimpanzees after U.S. gov't ends medical research on chimps.… 
Charlotte police chief says shooting victim shot during violent protests remains in critical condition.  
Arizona mother calls police on 3-year-old over seat belt. "She promised to not ever unbuckle her seat belt again."… 
L.A. homeowner, dubbed the "Wet Prince of Bel Air," used 11.8M gallons of water last year during California drought… 
South Korea orders Samsung to carry out more safety checks on Galaxy Note 7 smartphones before they go back on sale… 
Pres. Obama shares emotional video of 6-year-old who asks to host Syrian refugee. "We should all be more like Alex.… 
Donald Trump expresses support for establishing 'stop-and-frisk' policy on a national level.  
Afghanistan signs draft peace deal with designated "global terrorist" Gulbuddin Hekmatyar after lengthy negotiations 
 Happy  🍦 
NEW  The DOJ's Community Relations Service will be deploying staffers to Charlotte in light of violent protests. 
If president, Trump's sanctions against Russia could conflict with his business interests, experts say … 
 On this day 22 years ago, 'FRIENDS' debuted on television. 
 Happy  🍂 
Charlotte mayor considering curfew after violent protests following fatal police-involved shooting of Keith Scott … 
 'Full House' debuted on television on this day 29 years ago.

Cc   
89-year-old Chicago popsicle vendor presented with GoFundMe check for $380,000. "So many have helped me."… 
Electricity goes out for more than a million customers across Puerto Rico after fire breaks out at power plant.… 
AND ON  Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and gear up for the debate with under one week to go. 
ALSO ON  FBI searching for two people who removed IED from luggage on 27th St., then took luggage away. 
Entire Indiana Fever team kneels during national anthem prior to WNBA playoff basketball game.… 
COMING UP ON  NC governor declares state of emergency as unrest continues in wake of fatal police shooting. 
Mexican authorities find homemade bazooka apparently designed to launch packages over border from Mexico into the U… 
In rare occurrence, Australian mom gives birth to second set of identical twins. "I just couldn't believe it!"… 
40,000 in Syrian town of Madaya haven't received any aid since April; aid deliveries to Syria have been suspended.… 
Australia entrepreneur's 'Hamdog' seemingly solves dilemma of whether to grab a hot dog or hamburger at next cookou… 
Smithsonian National Zoo visitors can now see Redd, the first male, Bornean orangutan born at the Zoo in 25 years 
A Dalmatian puppy followed a fire engine back to the fire station and "eagerly made himself part of the crew."… 
Blue Bell recalls two ice cream flavors after finding chocolate chip cookie dough may be contaminated with listeria… 
Greenland is losing about 40 trillion pounds more ice a year than scientists had thought, according to a new study.… 
Adele dedicates Madison Square Garden show to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie  "Honestly, I'm really, really sad."… 
JUST IN  Marine Corps jet crashes off the coast of Okinawa, pilot rescued  
North Carolina governor declares state of emergency as unrest continues in wake of fatal police shooting.… 
Louisiana boy caught on home security camera 'stealing' hugs from neighbor's dog gets a dog of his own.… 
Ahead of first debate, Clinton campaign concerned Trump might be asked softer questions than Clinton.… 
Seahawks' Richard Sherman says public isn't listening to message NFL players' trying to send with anthem protests.… 
500,000 replacement Samsung Galaxy Note7 smartphones with unaffected batteries available in U.S. stores.… 
Tulsa officer who fatally shot Terence Crutcher told police she was "never so scared in my life," her lawyer says. 
Woman accusing NBA star Derrick Rose of rape cannot remain anonymous at her civil trial, judge rules.… 
NY, NJ bombing suspect appears to praise major terrorist figures, including ISIS spokesperson, in purported journal… 
Police in Charlotte report four officers were injured Wednesday night, "all non-life threatening."… 
Boxing promoter Don King uses N-word while introducing Donald Trump at a campaign event in Ohio.… 
U.S. flies supersonic bombers over South Korea for second time in show of force following North Korea's nuclear tes… 
Flag at half-staff outside California fire station after firefighter on his way to battle wildfire dies in crash.… 
2 women charged with holding 4 brothers captive, forcing them to work on illegal pot farm for 6 months, police say.… 
N.C. Gov. McCrory tells  News affiliate  National Guard members are on their way to Charlotte in buses.… 
LATEST   
-N.C. declares State of Emergency
-One protester shot by another "civilian,… 
First lady Michelle Obama on Melania Trump's controversial convention speech  "That was tough."… 
Mexican authorities find homemade bazooka apparently designed to launch packages over border from Mexico into the U… 
Mark Zuckerberg, wife Priscilla Chan commit $3 billion over next 10 years to "cure, prevent or manage all disease."… 
N.C. district attorney won't prosecute teacher for stepping on U.S. flag during history lesson on First Amendment.… 
PHOTOS  Second night of unrest in Charlotte, N.C., as prayer vigil for Keith Lamont Scott turns into violent protes… 
BREAKING  N.C. governor declares State of Emergency; governor has "also initiated efforts to deploy the North Carol… 
Latest national presidential poll shows Hillary Clinton has a 6-point lead over Donald Trump.… 
Exxon Mobil to pay $12 million in damages caused by pipeline break that spilled crude into Montana river.… 
UPDATE  City of Charlotte issues correction, saying civilian shot during protest "is on life support…not deceased." 
Puerto Rico hit with islandwide power outage after massive fire breaks out at electricity plant.… 
LIVE  Unrest continues in Charlotte, N.C., in response to deadly police shooting.  
Chicago Police Department to add 970 new positions in effort to combat dramatic increase in shootings and homicides… 
Donald Trump expresses support for establishing 'stop-and-frisk' policy on a national level.  
Video shows chaotic scene in Charlotte as firecrackers set off near police line.   
Senate votes against resolution blocking transfer of $1.15B in military equipment to be sold from US to Saudi Arabia 
LIVE  Protesters gather in Charlotte, North Carolina, in response to deadly police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott.… 
In 5 days, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take the debate stage. We'll have live, comprehensive coverage on… 
Sacramento police release video in fatal July shooting of 50-year-old man.  
Entire Indiana Fever team kneels during national anthem prior to WNBA playoff basketball game.… 
LIVE  Protesters gather in Charlotte, North Carolina, in response to deadly police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott.… 
Bill Clinton calls Clinton Global Initiative 'one of the great honors of my life' in sendoff address.… 
Trump's campaign paid former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski's company $20,000 in consulting fees in August.… 
Colonial Pipeline has restarted the gasoline pipeline in Alabama that was shut down after a major leak.… 
89-year-old Chicago popsicle vendor presented with GoFundMe check for $380,000. "So many have helped me." … 
Sec. Kerry makes impassioned plea at UN for all sides of Syria cease-fire to live up to their obligations.… 
Day after fatal police shooting, Rakeyia Scott, wife of Keith Scott, says "we have more questions than answers."… 
Fed Chair Yellen defensive against Trump accusations she is manipulating financial markets to benefit Pres. Obama.… 
Official  ISIS shell fired at US base in Iraq to undergo further testing to determine if it contained mustard agent 
Daughter of Upstate New York man accused of killing 12-year-old son of his ex-girlfriend testifies at murder trial.… 
FBI searching for 2 people who removed IED from luggage on 27th St. in Manhattan, then took luggage away.… 
Blue Bell recalls two ice cream flavors after finding chocolate chip cookie dough may be contaminated with listeria… 
JUST IN  Pres. Obama called mayor of Tulsa and mayor of Charlotte regarding deaths of Terence Crutcher and Keith Lamont Scott.
At least 29 killed after migrant boat capsizes off Egyptian coast; the boat was carrying approximately 600 people.… 
Tulsa officer who fatally shot Terence Crutcher told police she was "never so scared in my life," her lawyer says. 
Protesters take to the streets in anger over the fatal police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott in North Carolina.… 
UN leaders discuss antibiotic-resistant diseases as effectiveness of antibiotics diminishes and fewer are developed… 
Louisiana boy caught on home security camera 'stealing' hugs from neighbor's dog gets a dog of his own.… 
Some terrorists plotting to attack inside U.S. will 'get through'; feds can't 'stop everything,' FBI official warns. 
Mylan Pharmaceuticals CEO defends company’s decision to increase price of EpiPen before congressional panel.… 
JUST IN  Chicago Police Superintendent  Johnson announces the city will add 970 “sworn positions,” including 500 new officers.
NY, NJ bombing suspect appears to praise major terrorist figures, including ISIS spokesperson, in purported journal… 
40,000 in Syrian town of Madaya haven't received any aid since April; aid deliveries to Syria have been suspended.… 
 Fed Chair Janet Yellen tells  "The Federal Reserve is not politically compromised" 
Mark Zuckerberg, wife Priscilla Chan commit $3 billion over next 10 years to "cure, prevent or manage all disease."… 
A Dalmatian puppy followed a fire engine back to the fire station and "eagerly made himself part of the crew."… 
U.S. flies supersonic bombers over South Korea for second time in show of force following North Korea's nuclear tes… 
Can Bernie Sanders help deliver the youth vote for Hillary Clinton?  
Man mugged while playing Pokemon Go captures his attack on live video. "I'm alive. That's all that matters really."… 
 JUST IN  Fed keeps interest rates unchanged, signals a hike is coming soon
JUST IN  U.S. Federal Reserve maintains current interest rate level.
Smithsonian National Zoo visitors can now see Redd, the first male, Bornean orangutan born at the Zoo in 25 years. 
Terence Crutcher's family calls for National Day of Justice in Tulsa after he was fatally shot by a police officer.… 
Photo shows NY, NJ bombing suspect's bullet-ridden and bloodied journal he was carrying at time of capture.… 
In rare occurrence, Australian mom gives birth to second set of identical twins. "I just couldn't believe it!"… 
Donald Trump says African Americans worst off 'ever, ever, ever' in his latest push for black voters.… 
Stunning photo shows the sun rising over the Empire State Building in NYC on the last day of summer. (Photo … 
In 5 days, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take the debate stage. We'll have live, comprehensive coverage on… 
Adele dedicates Madison Square Garden show to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie  "Honestly, I'm really, really sad."… 
NEW  eBay on NY, NJ bombing investigation  "We've been proactively working with law enforcement authorities."… 
500,000 replacement Samsung Galaxy Note7 smartphones with unaffected batteries available in U.S. stores.… 
JUST IN  FBI searching for 2 people who removed IED from luggage on 27th St., then took luggage away.… 
First lady Michelle Obama on Melania Trump's controversial convention speech  "That was tough."… 
Wildfire near Vandenberg Air Force Base in California continues to rage, growing in size to 12,272 acres.… 
Police say they gave Keith Lamont Scott 'clear' commands to drop gun, but it's unclear if he pointed it at officers… 
JUST IN  Ahmad Rahami's ex-girlfriend Maria Mena granted temporary sole custody of their child, per her request.
JUST IN  AG Lynch  DOJ aware of and assessing police-involved shooting of Keith Lamont Scott in Charlotte; in conta… 
Pres. Obama evokes Donald Trump's wall in final United Nations General Assembly speech as president.… 
Charlotte mayor asks community to stand together after protests over police shooting of armed man Keith Lamont Scott 
George H.W. Bush told audience of 40 in Kennebunkport, Maine, he will be voting for Clinton, source tells  News… 
Charlotte police chief says officers gave armed man Keith Lamont Scott 'loud, clear, verbal commands' to drop weapon 
Charlotte officer who fatally shot armed man Keith Lamont Scott placed on administrative leave during investigation. 
Wife of NY, NJ bombing suspect questioned by American investigators in the United Arab Emirates, feds tell  New… 
 LIVE   talks with Carla Hayden, first African-American and first female Librarian of Congress 
Trump's campaign paid former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski's company $20,000 in consulting fees in August.… 
Pennsylvania cafeteria worker quits after being forced to take hot lunch away from student with unpaid balance.… 
NY-NJ bombings suspect used eBay to secretly collect bomb components starting months ago, officials allege … 
Homeless man and friend who found bombs in New Jersey train station say they were "just doing the right thing."… 
 Happy  
 🚨 🚨 FALL BEGINS TOMORROW 🚨 🚨 
U.S. Marine shot in the head while on leave in Los Angeles has died in hospital; police searching for suspects.… 
 Cafeteria worker quits after being forced to take hot lunch away from student with unpaid balance   
Earth smashes yet another heat record - the 16th month in a row, NOAA says.  
 Gorgeous sky over One World Trade Center and New York City. 📷   
Texas store owner offers free water and a sandwich to those in need. "If they are hungry enough, I will feed them."… 
AND ON  It's a packed morning with Mark Wahlberg, Sofia Vergara and Kiefer Sutherland all on the show. 
ALSO ON  Violent protests erupt in Charlotte after deadly police shooting 
COMING UP ON  Terror investigation continues in the bombings in NYC and NJ. 
Retired teacher gives former student life-saving kidney donation. "There's really no words to express our gratitude… 
How smugglers attempt to get drugs and other contraband over the border   
Trump still paying fomer campaign manager Lewandowski as consultant   
Tap water found in millions of Americans' drinking water contains the 'Erin Brockovich' metal, report says.… 
Hillary Clinton slated to spend $36.6 million on Florida TV ads, 53 times more than Donald Trump.… 
Video shows Philadelphia PD sergeant wounded in rampage saluted by fellow officers as she left the hospital Tuesday… 
Top U.S. intelligence official says he would never agree with a decision to pardon Edward Snowden.… 
Officers, demonstrators injured as protests erupt following fatal police shooting in Charlotte, North Carolina.… 
Kellogg announces voluntary recall of 10,000 cases of Eggo waffles due to possible Listeria contamination.… 
U-2 Air Force reconnaissance aircraft crashes in California, killing one of the two pilots aboard.… 
Baby koala at Australia Zoo Wildlife Hospital finds comfort in stuffed toy koala after losing mother to car acciden… 
Window washers dress up as superheroes to surprise sick kids at Lurie's Children's Hospital of Chicago.… 
Unrest continues in Charlotte after fatal police shooting, with some blocking traffic and apparently looting trucks… 
Sen. Warren tells Wells Fargo CEO he should resign after bank employees opened accounts without customers’ consent… 
2,000-year-old skeleton found at site of Greek shipwreck could push the boundaries of DNA analysis.… 
Feds file charges against NY, NJ bombing suspect, including multiple counts of using and attempting to use WMDs.… 
New Hampshire Supreme Court to determine whether or not a murder victim's sexual past should remain private. 
Dashcam video shows speeding suspect ram his pickup truck into Utah Highway Patrol vehicle with trooper inside.… 
Linden police officer injured while helping capture NY, NJ bombing suspect released from hospital to cheering crowd… 
Bangkok rounding up monitor lizards that have overrun a city park famous for its reptile population.… 
What we know about the Terence Crutcher police shooting in Tulsa, Oklahoma   
Marine shot in the head while on leave in L.A. has died in hospital.  (corrects earlier link) 
About 12 officers and at least 1 demonstrator injured as protests erupt after fatal police shooting in Charlotte, N… 
Homeless man and friend who found bombs in New Jersey train station say they were "just doing the right thing."… 
Costa Rica's Turrialba volcano erupts, sending plume of ash and gas 13,000+ feet high, grounding flights and prompt… 
Mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina, calls for calm as protesters confront officers following fatal police shooting.… 
Video shows police fire tear gas as protesters confront officers in Charlotte, N.C., after deadly police shooting.… 
Pennsylvania cafeteria worker quits after being forced to take hot lunch away from student with unpaid balance.… 
Texas store owner offers free water and a sandwich to those in need. "If they are hungry enough, I will feed them."… 
20-year-old woman from Uganda slum becomes chess prodigy, inspiring   
Meet Prof. Beauregard Tirebiter, a 2-year-old goldendoodle and the 1st full-time university facility dog in the U.S… 
Writer-director Curtis Hanson, who won best screenplay Oscar for "L.A. Confidential," dies at 71, LAPD confirms.… 
Tensions growing in N.C. after officials say police shot and killed an armed person at Charlotte apartment complex. 
U.S. Marine shot in the head while on leave in Los Angeles has died in hospital; police searching for suspects.… 
What a possible fed rate hike would mean for you   
Fla. residents request water testing after sinkhole leaks 215M gallons of "slightly radioactive" water into aquifer… 
George H.W. Bush told audience of 40 in Kennebunkport, Maine, he will be voting for Clinton, source tells  News… 
Off-duty police officer who killed knife-wielding Minnesota mall attacker grateful for all the messages of support.… 
NJ officers who captured bombing suspect were prepared and "did a fantastic job," Linden, NJ police chief says.… 
Video shows Philadelphia PD sergeant wounded in rampage saluted by fellow officers as she left the hospital today.… 
Ex-National Guard soldier and his cousin sentenced to prison for plotting to join Islamic State fighters.… 
Some materials for NY, NJ bombing suspect's device were purchased on eBay, according to federal criminal complaint.… 
Humanitarian assistance to Syria suspended after attack on aid convoy in the countryside of Aleppo.… 
 UPDATE  What  suspect wrote in his journal, per fed complaint 
Cookie Johnson says "I fell to my knees" when Magic Johnson revealed his HIV diagnosis.  
Trump accuses Clinton of 'copying' him  "All of a sudden she's got extreme vetting and she’s got all of these terms… 
Refugee who says he took Skittles pic used by Donald Trump Jr. "appalled by having my image…used against refugees."… 
Mylan spokeswoman says  company cooperating with W. Virginia attorney general investigation  
Mylan  Pharmaceuticals CEO expected to defend EpiPen price hike when she testifies before Congress on Wednesday.… 
Tap water found in millions of Americans' drinking water contains the 'Erin Brockovich' metal, report says.… 
BREAKING  Feds file charges, including Use of Weapons of Mass Destruction count, against NY, NJ bombing suspect.… 
White House National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes says US holds Russia responsible for attack on aid convoy in Syria. 
MORE  Charges expected to include several counts related to placing &amp; detonating weapons of mass destruction, bombi… 
JUST IN  Federal authorities expected to charge New York City-area bombing suspect .  
Bombing suspect's wife questioned in Middle East, officials say; photo shows Asia Bibi entering the U.S. in May 201… 
Lawyer for Terence Crutcher says there were no "exigent" or "emergency" circumstances justifying use of lethal forc… 
Earth smashes yet another heat record - the 16th month in a row, NOAA says.  
FDA launches contest for creation of app where people can find opioid antidote providers; winner will get $40,000.… 
NEW  One pilot killed, another injured after U-2 reconnaissance aircraft crashes in California, U.S. Air Force says. 
Clinton camp slams Trump on allegations his charity paid to settle lawsuits filed against his for-profit businesses… 
 Fifth-Graders Weigh In on Refugee Crisis  ‘Everybody Deserves a Happy Life.' Tune into Nightline tonight 12 35am e/t 
When Maine high school couldn't find foreign language instructor, administrators purchased Rosetta Stone instead.… 
Hillary Clinton calls Tulsa police shooting 'horrible' and reiterates the call for improved policing.… 
Linden police officer injured while helping capture NY, NJ bombing suspect released from hospital to cheering crowd… 
Hillary Clinton slated to spend $36.6 million on Florida TV ads, 53 times more than Donald Trump.… 
JUST IN  DOJ opening independent  investigation into use of force by Tulsa Police Department in police-involved sho… 
 Of the nearly 4.8 million registered Syrian refugees in the world, less than 1% have arrived in the U.S. 
NEW  Wife of bombing suspect questioned by investigators in United Arab Emirates as she sought to return to U.S. 
Kellogg announces voluntary recall of 10,000 cases of Eggo waffles due to possible Listeria contamination.… 
Sen. Warren tells Wells Fargo CEO he should resign after bank employees opened accounts without customers’ consent… 
20-year-old woman from Uganda slum becomes chess prodigy, inspiring   
Baby koala at Australia Zoo Wildlife Hospital finds comfort in stuffed toy koala after losing mother to car acciden… 
NEW  Bombing suspect's ex-girlfriend asks court for full custody of their child and restraining order against Rahami 
U-2 reconnaissance aircraft has crashed in Sutter County, California; two pilots ejected, U.S. Air Force says.… 
Brad Pitt says he's "very saddened" following the news that Angelina Jolie Pitt has filed for divorce.… 
Retired teacher gives former student life-saving kidney donation. "There's really no words to express our gratitude… 
Jim Carrey calls wrongful death lawsuit filed against him a "heartless attempt to exploit me or the woman I loved."… 
Window washers dress up as superheroes to surprise sick kids at Lurie's Children's Hospital of Chicago. 
JUST IN  U-2 reconnaissance aircraft has crashed in Sutter County, California; two pilots ejected, U.S. Air Force says.
20-year-old woman from poor city in Uganda becomes chess prodigy, inspiring   
FBI contacted bombing suspect's father, who told FBI son wasn't a terrorist, but was hanging with undesirables  (2/2)
NY, NJ bombing suspect's neighbor called police after hearing father yelling that son was a terrorist in 2014.  (1/2)
NY and NJ bombing suspect's father told the FBI his son was interacting with "bad people" overseas 2 years ago.… 
NJ officers who captured bombing suspect were prepared and "did a fantastic job," Linden, NJ police chief says.… 
Journal belonging to NY, NJ bombing suspect Ahmad Rahami recovered by authorities, federal officials tell  News… 
NEW  FBI opened previous inquiry into NY and NJ bombing suspect,  News has learned.  
Off-duty police officer who killed knife-wielding Minnesota mall attacker grateful for all the messages of support.… 
Angelina Jolie has filed for divorce from Brad Pitt, her lawyer tells the AP.  
 . at  Despite "our share of mistakes," America "has been a force for good."  
Humanitarian assistance to Syria suspended after attack on aid convoy in the countryside of Aleppo.… 
 . at  A "small fraction" of Iraq War cost could keep countries from "collapsing in the first place" 
 . at  Principles of democracy, human rights and markets remain "firmest foundation for human progress" 
Former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow takes to the field to make his minor-league baseball debut for the New York Mets.… 
Wells Fargo expanding investigation into the opening of unauthorized accounts back to 2009.   
Cookie Johnson says "I fell to my knees" when Magic Johnson revealed his HIV diagnosis.  
Child refugees in Za'atari are provided with psychosocial support to learn to cope with new life.… 
What a possible fed rate hike would mean for you   
Donald Trump Jr. posts graphic likening Syrian refugees to Skittles.  
Pres. Obama to make final UN General Assembly address as president   
NY and NJ bombing suspect's mother left U.S. 3 weeks ago for Turkey and has yet to return, U.S. official tells  
Source  NY-NJ bombings suspect visited Pakistani city known for insurgent activity   
 'Goodfellas' was released in theaters 26 years ago this week. 
 WATCH  25 years after 'Beauty and the Beast,' Angela Lansbury sings the iconic title song   
Harry Potter's childhood home from the movies is on the market for just over $600,000.  
U.S. Marine on life support after being shot in the head while on weekend leave in Los Angeles, authorities say.… 
 Gorgeous photo of a stunning sunset in New York City. 📷   
Virginia woman striving to deliver 30K meals to homeless by time she turns 30 next September.… 
AND ON  Chris Pratt is live in studio to talk about his new movie. 
ALSO ON  Both candidates reiterate their plans to defeat terrorism, if elected President. 
U.S. drivers wasted over $2.1 billion in the last year on premium gasoline they didn't need, according to AAA.… 
COMING UP ON  NYC and NJ bombing suspect taken in custody, charged with attempted murder of cops. 
Transitional house for veterans suffering from PTSD dedicated to U.S. Marine Corps veteran who took his own life.… 
Citizens thank New York's finest with New York's "official" food - pizza - in the aftermath of explosions. 
Kellogg's says it has received no reports of illnesses related to its recall of about 10,000 cases of Eggo waffles.… 
What a possible Fed rate hike means for you   
New Jersey bar owner who found bombing suspect recounts dramatic shootout with police.  
Football team helps water boy with Down syndrome score touchdown for cancer-stricken mother.  
40-year-old man killed by Tulsa police officer had hands up moments before fatal shooting, video shows.… 
At least 12 killed in attack on convoy transporting aid to Aleppo, human rights group says.  
US drivers waste $2.1 billion a year on premium gasoline, new AAA study finds   
Multiple Philadelphia Eagles players raised their fists in protest during anthem prior to Monday Night Football gam… 
At $200 million, California wildfire that's been burning for nearly 2 months becomes costliest ever to fight.… 
Linden Police Dept. releases images of injured officers who helped catch suspect in New York, New Jersey explosions… 
Iranian president met with Fidel Castro to discuss food production, threats to world peace, Cuban government says.… 
Surveillance video captures NY, NJ bombing suspect running from police before his capture.  
Russian Pres. Vladimir Putin reportedly planning reforms that would effectively mean the rebirth of the KGB.… 
Following report claiming he plans to vote for Clinton, George H.W. Bush spox says former president "not commenting… 
At least 32 killed, dozens injured in Aleppo as Syria's military declares ceasefire over, human rights group says.… 
Concussion symptoms linked to proteins in spinal fluid for first time, suggesting possibility of diagnostic test.… 
Ohio sheriff  Suspect in murders of 3 women confesses to killing of 4th woman who was selling magazines door-to-doo… 
Navy commander pleads not guilty to charges he attempted to rape a female, off-duty sailor at her home in San Diego. 
Tulsa Police Dept. spokesman tells ABC News video "raises a lot of questions" about whether shooting was justified.… 
In past year, U.S. drivers spent $2.1 billion they didn't need to spend on premium gas, according to research by AA… 
Pres. Obama says he told NJ police injured in shootout with bomb suspect "how appreciative the American people are.… 
Dad cheers up daughter with creative Post-it notes in her lunch. He's drawn more than 600 since she started school.… 
Donald Trump repeats calls for police profiling following New York City area explosions.  
Topics chosen for first presidential debate  "America’s Direction," "Achieving Prosperity" and "Securing America."… 
Wildfire burning on central California Air Force base postpones launch of satellite at least a week.… 
Clinton on NY, NJ bombings and Minn. stabbing  "Americans will not cower. We will prevail."  
As gas prices spike and drivers find "out of service" bags covering pumps, pipeline works to send more fuel.… 
RECALL ALERT  10,000 cases of Eggo waffles that were distributed in 25 states could be contaminated with listeria.… 
25-year-old with terminal brain cancer dies 1 day before wedding, family announces. "We are so proud of her courage… 
U.S. government mistakenly grants citizenship to 858 immigrants with pending deportation orders.… 
Update  Authorities now say 10 people were injured in Minnesota mall stabbing attack.  
U.S. Marine on life support after being shot in the head while on weekend leave in Los Angeles, authorities say.… 
Hillary Clinton's bout with pneumonia cited by analysts as possible factor behind declining value of Mexico's peso.… 
Transgender student's lawsuit against Wisconsin school district over bathroom access advances.… 
Footage captures shootout between bombing suspect Ahmad Rahami and police in Linden, N.J.  
2,500+ life jackets placed in London's Parliament Square to portray risks faced by refugees.  
Multiple Philadelphia Eagles players raised their fists in protest during anthem prior to Monday Night Football gam… 
Linden Police Dept. releases images of injured officers who helped catch suspect in New York, New Jersey explosions… 
Harry Potter's childhood home from the movies is on the market for $619,485.  
Good Samaritan brings Starbucks coffee, treats to NYPD and FDNY to thank them for their work  
How Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have reacted to terror attacks during the campaign   
 Fatina Abdrabboh tells  Islam "has deep roots" in US  "We have to dismantle" the idea that Muslims are foreign 
Stuntman "truly proud" of completing Evel Knievel's rocket jump across Snake River Canyon.  
NEW  NY, NJ bombing suspect is charged with 5 counts of attempted murder of law enforcement officer, prosecutors sa… 
Child refugees in Za'atari are provided with psychosocial support to learn to cope with new life.… 
At least 12 killed in attack on convoy transporting aid to Aleppo, human rights group says.  
40-year-old man killed by Tulsa police officer had hands up moments before fatal shooting, video shows.… 
 STARTING NOW   and  host a special edition of Strait Talk, live from Detroit. Tune in! 
New Jersey bar owner who found bombing suspect recounts dramatic shootout with police.  
How to cope with the trauma of terror events, even for those not directly affected. 
Trump expresses frustration with 'amazing' medical treatment NY bombing suspect will receive  
Hillary Clinton accepts that millennial voters still have 'questions about me.'  
Knife attack that injured 9 at Minnesota mall likely work of "lone attacker," police say.  
Surveillance video captures NY, NJ bombing suspect running from police before his capture.  
Children document life in world’s largest Syrian refugee camp in Jordan through photos   
MORE  Pres. Obama says he told NJ police officers "how appreciative the American people are."
NEW  Pres. Obama spoke with police officers who apprehended Ahmad Rahami, as well as off-duty officer who stepped in during Minnesota attack
Wells Fargo hit with class-action lawsuit after accounts scandal.  
Citizens thank New York's finest with New York's "official" food - pizza - in the aftermath of explosions. 
Senate to vote this week on $1.15 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia.  
What to know about the bombs used in the NY, NJ explosions.  
Virginia woman striving to deliver 30K meals to homeless by time she turns 30 next September  
British woman undergoing treatment for brain tumor passes away one day before her wedding.  
Children in world's largest Syrian refugee camp in Jordan use photos to convey daily life.  
Photos, videos, GIFs, polls, quoted tweets no longer count for Twitter's 140-character limit  
NJ FBI calls in all available Joint Terrorism Task Force agents to canvas in connection with bombing investigation.  
Donald Trump repeats calls for police profiling following New York City area explosions.  
Miami neighborhood declared free of ongoing Zika transmission.  
Football team helps water boy with Down syndrome score touchdown for cancer-stricken mother.  
Pres. Obama says toughness and resiliency of NY and NJ "makes me so proud to be an American"  
 TONIGHT at 7 pm ET  Strait Talk with  and  LIVE from Detroit. Tune in! 
Ivanka Trump now has her own Secret Service protection assigned to her directly.  
NYPD  Two people took pressure cooker out of bag on 27th St. and walked off with bag; they're considered witnesses. 
NYC Mayor de Blasio says "there is no individual we're looking for at this point in time."   
NEW  FBI and NYPD update wanted posters to reflect Ahmad Rahami has been captured.  
FBI says Ahmad Rahami "directly linked to devices from NY and from Saturday in NJ."   
JUST IN  NYC Mayor De Blasio on NYC bombing  "We have every reason to believe this was an act of terror." 
NYC Mayor  “Every reason to believe this was an act of terror.”  
NYC Mayor De Blasio says Pres. Obama called him praising the people of NYC for their resilience.  
NYPD Commissioner  Now that NYC bombing suspect is in custody, investigation can focus on motive, if he acted alone. 
Who is NY and NJ bombing suspect Ahmad Khan Rahami?  
Photo shows Ahmad Rahami being taken into custody in Linden, NJ after shootout with police.  
Ahmad Rahami undergoing surgery for injuries; 2 officers injured in shootout are not critical, NJ official says. 
Syrian military declares U.S.-Russia brokered cease-fire is over, blaming rebel groups for violating the agreement. 
Terrorist attacks will likely impact 2016 presidential race, experts say.  
New video captures shootout between bombing suspect Ahmad Rahami and police in Linden, NJ.  
Linden, NJ mayor says Ahmad Rahami found sleeping in bar by owner; police recognized him.  
"I still forgive you," teen tells New Hampshire man who held her in captivity for months.  
NEW  Linden, NJ mayor says Ahmad Rahami found sleeping in hallway by bar owner; police called in, recognized him. 
LATEST  NYPD confirms man wanted in connection with bombings captured in Linden, NJ.  
 . Toughness and resiliency of New York and New Jersey "makes me so proud to be an American" 
NEW  Federal prosecutors have already drafted charges against Ahmad Rahami, and they could be announced as early as today, sources tell 
Ahmad Rahami, wanted in connection with NY and NJ bombings, taken into custody.  
LATEST  Ahmad Rahami, wanted in connection with NY, NJ bombings, taken into custody.  
LATEST  Man believed to be person wanted in connection with NY and NJ bombings taken into custody, sources say. 
Pres. Obama says "we see no connection" between Minnesota stabbing attack and bombings in NY and NJ. 
BREAKING  Man believed to be person wanted in connection with NY and NJ bombings taken into custody, sources say. 
Pres. Obama to community  "If you see something suspicious, then you need to say something." 
LIVE   News Special Report  Pres. Obama to deliver statement on bombings in NY and NJ.  
Hillary Clinton says terrorism threat is 'real' but calls for resolve.  
JUST IN  Pres. Obama to deliver statement at 11 30 AM ET in NYC, White House says.
Good Samaritan brings Starbucks coffee, treats to NYPD and FDNY to thank them for their work at 23rd St. explosion. 
1 woman killed, children injured after airstrikes hit Aleppo for first time since ceasefire.  
Children document life in world’s largest Syrian refugee camp in Jordan through photos   
 Join me today at 2PM ET for conversation w/children's health/policy leaders on key issues for next administration 
 . "Lets us be vigilant, but not afraid. We have faced threats before." 
Hillary Clinton on NY and NJ incidents and Minnesota stabbing  "Americans will not cower. We will prevail."  
Pediatrics group heightens warning against codeine in kids’ prescriptions.  
Ahmad Rahami wanted for questioning in NY incidents and explosion at Seaside Park, NJ.  
LATEST  Ahmad Rahami wanted for questioning in NY incidents &amp; explosion at Seaside Park, NJ.  
Video shows explosive device detonating while robot attempted to disarm it in Elizabeth, NJ.  
Pres. Obama describes Donald Trump's presidential run as an 'infomercial' and 'reality show'  
NEW  Ahmad Rahami believed to be man seen in surveillance video at 23rd St. and 27th St., police source says. 
With few surprises, Vladimir Putin's party wins parliamentary election called 'dullest' ever  
NEW  Authorities identified person of interest with help from cell phone left behind on 27th St. device, sources say 
LATEST  Authorities now believe all incidents in NY and NJ are connected, sources say. 
Julia Louis-Dreyfus dedicated her Emmy to late father Gérard Louis-Dreyfus, who died Friday.  
UN holds its first-ever summit focusing on the world's 65.3 million refugees and migrants.  
UPDATE  Source  Cell phone left behind with pressure cooker helped police identify Rahami   
UPDATE  FBI issues poster for Ahmad Rahami, sought in connection with NYC bombing   
BREAKING  Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, wanted in connection with NYC bombing, says NYPD   
Whale that washed ashore in New Jersey probably died due to human interaction, officials say  
 BREAKING OVERNIGHT  5 possible explosive devices recovered, 1 detonated in Elizabeth, NJ    
 "There's a growing belief bombings in Seaside, NY and NYC are connected. ... not definitive yet." -   
JUST IN  FBI will be putting out a wanted poster today for a 28 year old suspect in NYC bombing,  News has learned.
Pres. Obama jokes at CBC event  "I am so relieved that the whole birther thing is over."  
AND ON   is in Los Angeles recapping all of the big moments, red carpet looks from the  
ALSO ON  FBI investigating stabbing attack in Minnesota mall as 'potential act of terrorism' 
COMING UP ON  Five people taken into custody in connection with explosion in New York City. 
Authorities looking for suspect who broke into a YMCA and stole fake cash from toy register.  
Sarah Paulson to OJ Simpson prosecutor Marcia Clark, on past judgement  "I am glad to be able to…tell you I'm sorry" 
Florida man files lawsuit against Samsung after Note7 explodes in his pocket.  
US, Japan and South Korea call for tough new measures on North Korea following nuclear test.  
Garry Marshall, Muhammad Ali, Prince and others honored during  'In Memoriam' segment.  
Charmian Carr, best known for role as Liesl von Trapp in 'Sound of Music,' has died at 73.  
Swarm of bees causes 13-minute delay during 3rd inning of Blue Jays-Angels game in Anaheim.  
Google says Street View's face-blurring technology was overzealous after cow photos go viral  
Pope Francis urges all to unite in peace prayers whenever they can.  
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell on anthem protests  "We want them to use their voice."  
5 possible explosive devices recovered, 1 detonated in Elizabeth, NJ   
Native American candidates hope for boost from North Dakota pipeline protest.  
Inclusion of ex-NFL safety and convicted rapist on Hall of Fame nomination list stirs outcry  
'Transparent' star Jeffrey Tambor calls on Hollywood to "give transgender talent a chance."  
Kaine breaks with Clinton on her comment about some Trump supporters being "irredeemable."  
Leslie Jones jokes about her Twitter woes at  "I just wanted to feel beautiful."  
Maid of honor carries bride's dying dog down the aisle in emotional farewell.  
Man says he's seeking $1 million from California city after his wife died in wheelchair accident on uneven sidewalk. 
Commuter train service suspended as authorities investigate possible pipe bomb found among garbage in Elizabeth, NJ. 
Texas baseball fan wins new mitt nearly 60 years after Bazooka bubble gum contest began.  
Pres. Obama describes Donald Trump's presidential run as an 'infomercial' and 'reality show'  
21 years after not guilty verdict, actors who portrayed OJ Simpson's prosecutors win   
NBA superstar Dwyane Wade joins police in Miami for six-mile bike ride to promote unity.  
Mike Pence says his role model for VP is Dick Cheney, the last Republican to hold the job.  
DEVELOPING  Possible explosive device recovered from garbage at Elizabeth, New Jersey, train station.  - 
Jimmy Kimmel takes aim at diversity, nominees in  opening monologue.  
Florida man files lawsuit against Samsung after Note7 explodes in his pocket.  
Video shows reaction inside NY fast-food restaurant after sound of blast that rocked Chelsea  
No link to int'l terrorism, but NYC explosion "obviously act of terrorism," Gov. Cuomo says.  
The most buzzworthy moments of tonight's Emmy Awards weren't necessarily televised.  
Members of Minnesota Somali community hold press conference to condemn mall stabbing attack.  
JUST IN  5 people taken into custody in connection with explosion in NYC's Chelsea neighborhood.  - 
From Louie Anderson to "Game of Thrones," the full list of everyone who won tonight    
NEW  Emmy for Outstanding Drama Series goes to Game Of Thrones.  
NEW  Emmy for Outstanding Comedy Series goes to Veep   
NEW  Emmy for Lead Actress in a Drama Series goes to Tatiana Maslany for Orphan Black.  
NEW  Emmy for Lead Actor in a Drama Series goes to Rami Malek for Mr. Robot.  
IN MEMORIAM  Remembering those lost over the past year.  
Emmy for Supporting Actor in a Drama Series goes to Ben Mendelsohn for Bloodline.  
  Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series - David Benioff &amp; D.B. Weiss for    
 WATCH  "Please play me off... I've never had the chance to do this before..." -  

 
NEW  Emmy for Outstanding Variety Talk Series goes to Last Week Tonight with John Oliver.   
Authorities looking to speak with man seen on surveillance cameras near both incident locations in New York City. 
  Outstanding Writing for a Variety Special -  
NEW  Emmy for Outstanding Limited Series goes to 'The People v OJ Simpson.'  
NEW  Emmy for Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie goes to Courtney B. Vance in 'The People v. OJ Simpson.' 
Sarah Paulson to prosecutor in OJ Simpson trial on past judgement. "I am glad to be able to...tell you I'm sorry." 
NEW  Emmy for Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie goes to Sarah Paulson for 'The People v. OJ Simpson.' 
  Actor in a Limited Series or Movie - Sterling K. Brown for   
NEW  Police looking to speak with man seen in surveillance cameras near both incident locations in NYC, law enforcement officials tell 
Julia Louis-Dreyfus dedicates Emmy for "Veep" to late father, whom she says died on Friday.  
  Outstanding Directing for a Limited Series, Movie, or Dramatic Special - Susanne Bier,  
Emmy for Supporting Actress in Limited Series or Movie goes to Regina King in American Crime  
  Reality-Competition Program - The Voice 
Jeffrey Tambor calls on Hollywood to embrace transgender talent  "Please give transgender talent a chance."  
NEW  Emmy for Lead Actor in a Comedy Series goes to Jeffrey Tambor for Transparent.  
 Rest in peace, Garry Shandling.

 
 WATCH  Julia Louis-Dreyfus dedicates her  win to her father who passed away this past Friday. 
NEW  Emmy for Lead Actress in a Comedy Series goes to Julia Louis-Dreyfus for Veep.  
  Directing in a Comedy Series - Jill Soloway for  
NEW  Emmy for Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series goes to Kate McKinnon for SNL   
  Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series -  and Alan Yang,  
Louie Anderson's won the first Emmy of the night.

Updated list of winners here  
NEW   Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series goes to Louie Anderson in "Baskets."  
WATCH LIVE  The  are in full gear! See the  awards show on  NOW! 
Trump surrogates, top supporters push narrative Clinton's 2008 campaign started 'birtherism'  
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell on anthem protests  "We want them to use their voice."  
Who is expected to win at the 2016   
Whale that washed ashore in New Jersey probably died due to human interaction, officials say  
Fierce competition  Dogs of all breeds, ages and sizes go for gold in Brazil's Dog Olympics.  
Fertilizer plant sinkhole reportedly leaks 215m gallons of radioactive water into aquifer.  
New York City beefs up police presence due to bombing, UN General Assembly meeting.  
Feds investigating after plane carrying several skydivers crashes into suburban Phoenix home  
Charmian Carr, best known as Liesl von Trapp in 'Sound of Music,' dies at 73, spokesman says  
Surveillance video captured the moment an explosion rocked NYC's Chelsea neighborhood.  
US, Japan and South Korea call for tough new measures on North Korea following nuclear test  
NEW  Jeh Johnson  DHS actively monitoring NJ, NY investigations; NY will see increased security during UNGA session. 
Iran condemns US air raid that struck Syrian troops  
MORE  The NJ, NY investigations remain separate but coordinated, multiple law enforcement sources tell  
LATEST  Investigators exploring possibility NJ, NY blasts linked to same bomber or bombers due to apparently similar kinds of cell phones.
Pope Francis urges all to unite in peace prayers whenever they can  
LATEST  New Jersey, New York explosive devices both set off by cell phones, law enforcement sources tell 
Complaints of election violations emerging in Russian parliamentary elections 
 NEW   releases statement condemning " apparent terrorist attacks" in MN, NJ and NY  
A shifting Cuban vote could be the difference in Florida this November.  
Drugmakers launch 50-state lobbying effort to battle measures aimed at stemming tide of prescription opioids 
 NEW  Exit polls show Vladimir Putin’s party winning largest share of the vote in Russia’s parliamentary elections 
Pres. Obama, Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu to meet Wednesday on sidelines of UN summit  
Beaches in Jersey Shore town reopen even as investigation into pipe bomb continues  
MORE  FBI investigating stabbing attack in Minnesota mall as "potential act of terrorism"  
MORE  MN mall attack being investigated by FBI as "potential act of terrorism"  "There's a lot we don't know." 
Football coaches at Seattle high school join their players in taking a knee during national anthem 
LATEST  Injured count raised to 9 in MN mall attack. 3 still hospitalized, none with life-threatening injuries. 
Clinton's campaign aggressively outworking Trump in swing state of Pennsylvania  
ISIS claims responsibility for stabbing attack in Minnesota mall  
LATEST on NY blast 

- Second device still being analyzed
- All 29 injured released from hospital
- No connection to Central Park explosion
 NYPD Commissioner  If blast is determined to be terrorism, we'll "come out and say it"  
Following scathing op-ed, Donald Trump calls former Defense Sec. Robert Gates a "clown"  
LATEST  NY Gov. Cuomo orders additional 1,000 officers to sites across the state "out of an abundance of caution." 
NYPD Commissioner  Two former state troopers found second possible device during search  
NYC officials  No connection between yesterday's blast and July's explosion in Central Park 
Mayor De Blasio  People I've talked to around blast site show "sense of resiliency" and "real faith" in NYPD. 
NYPD Commissioner  No individual or group has claimed responsibility for NYC blast  
 FBI Asst. Director in charge  Evidence collected sent to Quantico for analysis, "we're following every viable lead" 
NYPD Commissioner O'Neill  Components "indicative of an IED" found at initial blast scene   
Mayor Bill De Blasio to New Yorkers following Chelsea blast  "Be vigilant"   
De Blasio  "We know there a bombing" in NY, but "we have a lot more work to do" to determine motives behind it. 
LIVE  Mayor Bill de Blasio briefs press about NYC blast  
No injuries after police officers come under fire in Philadelphia for second night in a row 
Kaine breaks with Clinton on her comment about some Trump supporters being "irredeemable"  
MORE  Crossroads Center mall "devastated" by yesterday's attack, will remain closed today  
MORE  Secondary possible device still being examined by NYPD bomb squad; no determination made on whether it is an actual explosive device.
LATEST  Tannerite, explosive used in making exploding targets for firearms practice, likely source of NY blast, law enforcement tells 
Gov. Cuomo says evidence from sites of both devices sent to Quantico to be analyzed by FBI  
 . No link to international terrorism, but a bomb exploding in NY is "obviously an act of terrorism" 
. All 29 victims from NYC blast confirmed released from hospitals.  
. "We're not going to let them win...Life will go on in NY just the way it did before the bomb exploded" 
. "Whoever placed these bombs...they will be brought to justice, period."   
 . No reason to believe there is "any further immediate threat," but will deploy close to 1,000 additional poli…
. Bombs in NJ blast "appear to be different" than explosive device in NY blast  
. "At this time there's no evidence of an international terrorism connection" with NYC blast. 
LIVE   holds press conference on NYC blast  
LATEST  All travel restrictions lifted from Seaside Park, NJ following yesterday's explosion; town's planned festival today canceled.
LATEST  All 24 patients from NYC explosion received by hospitals overnight have been treated and released. 
. on Clinton's comments about Trump supporters  "Irredeemable" is "not a word I would use"  
 . on Trump's birtherism  "Our campaign just really isn't focused on the past."  
Clinton says campaigning for president is "especially tricky for women"  
LATEST  Bellevue Hospital says all 11 patients it received from NYC blast have been treated and discharged. 
LATEST  Investigators do not yet have a prime suspect or person of interest in NYC explosion, official tells  
STARTING NOW on   goes one-on-one with VP nominees  and  
Philadelphia gunman was "well known" to police, "hell-bent" on hurting others  
Pres. Obama jokes at CBC event  "I am so relieved that the whole birther thing is over."  
Police video  Undercover agent confronts slain FSU professor's ex-mother-in-law  
Surveillance video captures shocking moment of New York City explosion  
. to  Officials not calling NY blast terrorism, but not ruling anything out  
8 injured in stabbing attack at Minnesota mall   
 Republican VP nominee  weighs in on the state of the 2016 race, only on  
Explosion that injured at least 29 an "intentional act," NYC mayor says   
Couple investigated in 3 states facing neglect case in Texas  
Mom who lost child to cancer posted back-to-school photos  
Mom who lost child to cancer posted back-to-school photos  
Hillary Clinton says campaigning for president is "especially tricky for women"  
Trump calls former defense secretary Gates a "clown," following scathing op-ed  
Police video  Undercover agent confronts slain FSU professor's ex-mother-in-law  
Gates raise billions for AIDS, TB and malaria fight  
Philadelphia gunman Nicholas Glenn was "well known" to police, "hell-bent" on hurting others  
At least 4 dead in North Carolina bus crash 
Russia says Syrian regime forces targeted by US-led coalition airstrikes  
In Aleppo, besieged residents convinced truce will not last 
Amid hefty tourism drop, Turkey hopes to weather storm  
8 people taken to hospital after MN mall stabbing by man making references to Allah  
NYC EXPLOSION UPDATE  Suspicious packages near explosion discovered; deemed not dangerous  
LATEST   
-29 injured in 23rd St. explosion
-NYPD removing device on 27th St., sources say 
UPDATE  Device on 27th St. is pressure cooker with cell phone and wires attached found in a plastic bag, sources say 
JUST IN  Possible secondary device on 27th St. in NYC being removed by NYPD. 
JUST IN  Authorities believe they may have found a pressure cooker device on 27th St in NYC, sources say - 
LATEST   
-At least 29 injured in NYC explosion
-NYPD “actively investigating” possible secondary device on 27th St.
NYPD commissioner says units are “actively investigating” possible secondary device on 27th St. 
JUST IN  FBI JTT responding along with NYPD to the incident on 23rd St. At least 29 people injured. 
NEW  NYPD Commissioner  At least 29 people injured in NYC explosion; 1 injury may be serious  
JUST IN  NY Gov. Cuomo on Manhattan explosion  “We are closely monitoring the situation”  
NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio says early indications NYC explosion "was an intentional act." 
NYC Mayor  "No specific and credible threat against NYC at this point in time from any terror organization." 
NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio says there's "no specific connection" between NJ explosion and NYC explosion incidents. 
JUST IN  Mayor Bill de Blasio on NYC explosion  "There is no evidence at this point of a terror connection." 
WATCH LIVE  NYC officials update on Manhattan explosion.  
JUST IN  NYPD investigating possible "secondary" suspicious device on 27th St between 6th and 7th Avenues. 
JUST IN  Pres. Obama has been made aware of NYC explosion; will be updated as additional info becomes available. 
LATEST   
-At least 26 people injured in NYC explosion
-Law enforcement sources say explosion took place in dumpster
JUST IN  ATF NY arson and explosives task force responding to explosion in NYC; at least 25 people injured. 
LATEST  Explosion took place in dumpster, which sustained severe damage, law enforcement sources say. 
LATEST   
- Explosion on 23rd St. in NYC 
- At least 25 people injured
- No injuries appear to be life-threatening
NEW  Mayor Bill de Blasio headed to scene of explosion in Manhattan, mayor’s office says. 
 Multiple ambulances are now leaving the scene of reported explosion in Manhattan   


 NEW VIDEO  First responders race to the scene of apparent explosion in Manhattan on 23rd St. between 6th &amp; 7th  
NYPD K-9s deployed to investigate area after explosion in Manhattan.  
LATEST  25 people injured after explosion on 23rd St. in NYC, FDNY says; injuries appear to be non-life threatening. 
UPDATE  At least 25 injured after explosion in Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood; all injuries appear to be minor. 
NEW  Facebook activates Safety Check after explosion on 23rd St. in NYC.  
The FAA now forecasts there will be more than 1.3 million licensed drone pilots by 2020  
JUST IN  NYPD says explosion took place at roughly 8 30pm on 23rd St in Manhattan; several injured. 
NEW  Reports of 15 patients with minor injuries after possible explosion in NYC, FDNY says.  
DEVELOPING  NYPD / FDNY responding to possible explosion in Manhattan.  
African-American voters see Trump's birther flip as a political calculation  
Campaigning for Clinton, first lady Michelle Obama rips Trump's "birther" comments   
Native American candidates hope for boost from North Dakota pipeline protest  
TOMORROW on   goes one-on-one with vice presidential nominees  and  
Ex-lawmaker acknowledges he had "inappropriate online conversations" with woman who extorted him on Facebook 
Dwyane Wade joins police officers for six-mile bike ride through Miami to promote unity  
Russian defense ministry says Syrian strike shows failure of US to coordinate with Russia  
After a summer of attacking Trump, Hillary Clinton turns focus on herself  
Philadelphia gunman was "well known" to police, "hell-bent" on hurting others  
LATEST  FBI says no known threat to public following this morning's explosion in Jersey town  
Trump criticizes Clinton for alleged inaction on immigration  
 LATEST  Russia calls for emergency session of UN Security Council over US air raid it says struck Syrian troops 
Penn State fans cheer Joe Paterno tribute as protesters turn their backs   
Canadian PM Trudeau says nearly $13 billion raised to fight AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria  
NEW  Iranian cyclist dies following crash in road race at Rio de Janeiro Paralympics 
 Republican VP nominee  weighs in on the state of the 2016 race, only on  Sunday. 
Egyptian court upholds decision to freeze the assets of several prominent human rights campaigners 
 . criticizes Trump's "birther" statements  "A man who does things like that must not become president" 
Trump glosses over past actions—and hopes voters do the same  
Newborn giraffe stands for first time at Copenhagen Zoo  
 NEW  CENTCOM says air raid halted after Russia said it might have struck Syrian gov't forces  
New mom breastfeeds while finishing half-marathon  "I just wanted to keep going"  
Couple under scrutiny in child welfare investigations in three states now face neglect case in Texas 
LATEST  Suspect in Philly police shooting identified as 25-year-old Nicholas Glenn; no connection to officer he shot 
Federal court orders halt to construction of another section of Dakota Access oil pipeline  
Woman gives birth on flight from Istanbul to Stockholm, with help from a translator and a nurse onboard  
FBI leading investigating of explosion along course of 5k race in New Jersey  
 . We shouldn't accept "one lost American life because our country failed to enforce its laws." 
WATCH LIVE   talks to 10-year-old who recited entire Constitution for Constitution Day  
Two former Ohio policemen accused of beating defendant in their custody indicted on multiple charges 
NYPD officer who was slashed with meat cleaver is applauded as he leaves hospital  
Mom who lost daughter posts back-to-school photos to raise awareness about childhood cancer  
Five years later, demonstrators to gather in Zuccotti Park to commemorate Occupy Wall Street  
LATEST  Ocean County Prosecutor’s spokesperson says sweep of area turned up no additional devices. 
 NEW  WI Gov. Scott Walker playing Tim Kaine in  vice-presidential debate prep sessions,  confirms. 
Fertilizer plant sinkhole reportedly leaks 215m gallons of radioactive water into aquifer  
Thunderstorms and rainy weather might affect your fantasy football lineup Sunday.  
No third party or independent presidential candidates will participate in first debate   
Airstrike kills senior ISIS leader responsible for some execution videos, Pentagon says   
Hillary Clinton  Campaigning for president "especially tricky for women"  
MORE  Area is on lockdown as authorities investigate reports of the presence at least one other device. 
JUST IN  Explosive device detonates in Seaside Park, NJ ahead of charity race; no injuries or damage reported 
Three years after a series of epic traffic jams, "Bridgegate" heads to trial  
Black voters react skeptically to Donald Trump's birther flip  
Authorities investigating death of architect who fell to his death after apparently getting dizzy on skyscraper roof 
 . says Hillary Clinton's bodyguards should disarm  "Let's see what happens"  
Michelle Obama rips Trump's "birther" comments while stumping for Hillary Clinton  
6 states facing possible gas shortages after Colonial Pipeline spill  
Fact-checking Donald Trump's claim Hillary Clinton started the "birther" movement  
Trump organization appears to contradict Ivanka Trump's claim about paid maternity leave   
Despite scandal, hundreds of players reunite at Penn State to celebrate Joe Paterno's legacy  
Oklahoma's first new abortion clinic in 40 years opens doors 
Cleveland officer charged in death of teen during arrest 
Dead humpback whale washes up on beach in New Jersey  
Ex-Illinois legislator says woman extorted him on Facebook 
American men who died fighting ISIS come home  
JUST IN  South Africa's Desmond Tutu was readmitted to a South African hospital today due to an infection 
Oktoberfest kicked off at noon today, when Munich's mayor tapped the first keg  
Blaze destroys much of 16th century Peru church  
JUST IN  Armed man who barricaded himself in Amtrak train in custody after tear gas deployed  
Investigator  Suspect confessed to killing 2 Mississppi nuns  
Jury can't decide sanity of German who set Los Angeles fires 
6 states facing possible gas shortages after pipeline spill; long lines form at gas stations  
Obama to meet with leaders of Iraq, Nigeria and Colombia  
Snowden says he'll vote in US presidential election  
UPDATE  2 Philadelphia officers shot, 4 others wounded; suspect dead  
Palestinian killed after stabbing Israeli soldier; day after other attacks on Israeli civilians, police, soldier 
Nick Gordon found civilly liable in Bobbi Kristina Brown's death  
US to Russia  Syria military cooperation not guaranteed 
UPDATE  Man with "weapon" remains barricaded in evacuated Amtrak train -- 9 hours so far  
Corrections officer Kenneth Bettis, 44, stabbed Sept. 1 at Alabama prison dies 
Pastor who won AR-15 rifle raffle won't be charged  
NEW  Suspect who shot 2 Texas police officers is dead; officers now in stable condition  
In Zika-stricken Miami, aerial pesticide spray adds to fears  
Daredevil successfully powers rocket over Snake River Canyon  
Michelle Obama warns young voters against being "turned off"  
Death toll rises to 15 after typhoon lashes China, Taiwan 
Uruguay  Hunger-striking ex-Gitmo detainee not at death risk  
Court  Officer killed man less than a second after commanding him to raise his hands  
Police end lock down of Denver hospital amid gun report 
Meet Nora,  newest polar bear cub. She was raised by  staff after her mother rejected her 
Ex-Paterno players reunite at Penn St amid scandal  
UPDATE  The 2 Fort Worth, Texas, police officers shot Fri. night are now in stable condition  
UPDATE  187 passengers, 5 crew evacuated from train with barricaded armed man, says Amtrak  
