Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing   
Senate leaders need to work for the good of the American people, not seek out political points. 
Watch President Obama and  Jason Furman discuss the positive gains the American economy has made. 
Here are 16 broken records we shouldn't be proud of. 
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the  Truth Team  
Another record broken  16 months in a row of undeniable, record-breaking heat.
 
Happy  
We can't sit idly by. Climate change is likely to threaten our national security—we must act now.… 
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the bench—even some Senate leaders who are now blocking his hearing have agre… 
Senate leaders' blind obstruction of Judge Garland's nomination sets a dangerous precedent. We can't stand idly by. 
Enough of the shameless partisanship, Senators.  and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
Help keep the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing before their next recess.  
The American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest possible rating. He deserves a hearing and a vote.… 
"Their right to inherit a healthy planet is a sacred responsibility." —President Obama  
Communities are already experiencing the effects of climate change—we can't afford not to act. Take a look … 
As the  meets, take a look at the progress we've made thanks to American leadership in the world. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the 71st Session of the United Nations General Assembly.  
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement in New York. 
President Obama commemorates  in an address to  
Senate leaders are putting politics above their basic responsibility to hold a hearing for Judge Garland.  
Six months is long enough, senators. It's time to  and give Judge Garland a hearing. 
 Friendly reminder for Senate leaders on  
The Supreme Court should remain above partisan politics, Senator.   
Progress starts with a conversation. Make sure you have the facts to get yours started   
When we protect our lands and waters, it helps us protect our climate for future generations.  
"There is no 'election year' exception in Article II." Sen. Leahy calls on senators to give Judge Garland a hearing  
President Obama just made history by protecting nearly 5,000 square miles off the New England coast.  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the 2016 Our Ocean Conference.  
 BREAKING   will designate the first-ever marine monument in the Atlantic Ocean 
 
We need nine justices for a fully functioning Supreme Court—and editorial boards across the country agree. 
 . on  "The time for silence is over." 
We can't let Senate leaders ignore their constitutional responsibilities.   
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the  Truth Team  
The U.S. is on track to hit two million solar installations within the next two years. Momentum is building  
Time is almost up for Senate leaders to do the right thing and fill the  vacancy.  
Median household income  ⬆
Poverty rate  ⬇
Uninsured rate  ⬇

Middle-class economics works. 
In 2015, we saw the fastest household income growth on record and the largest drop in the poverty rate since 1968. 
 Fastest household income growth on record ✓ 
 
Largest drop in poverty rate since 1968 ✓ 

 
The Supreme Court must remain above partisanship. Senate leaders  The time to fill the vacant seat is now. 
ICYMI  This is a really big deal. 
Vice President Biden speaks on the "dangerous precedent" Senate leaders are setting by refusing to do their jobs. 
These are records we can't keep breaking. We must work together to  
Meaningful action on climate change can't wait. President Obama explains why in this  interview. 
We need to keep up efforts to fight climate change at every level—locally, nationally, globally.  
 BREAKING  A new strategy to harness the power of wind means more jobs, less pollution   
Senate leaders are back in session. Keep the pressure high—call out their obstructionism.  
There's no need to overcomplicate the process.  
We must take bold steps now—climate change is already impacting millions of people.  
Congress is back, and they have important work to do before their next recess. Make sure you say where you stand  
 "Every nominee, including Kennedy in an election year—got an up or down vote" — on serving as Senate Judiciary Chairman or R…
Stay in the loop with important facts. Join  Truth Team   
Rising sea levels are already flooding homes and roads along America's coasts. The time to  is now. 
Fewer Americans are uninsured than ever before, thanks to  
Congress is back from recess. Help put the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a hearing   
The process is clear. The Supreme Court and American people are waiting for Senate leaders to get to work. 
Senate leaders have 32 days before their next recess to give Judge Garland a hearing and a vote. Call them out now  
The Paris Climate Agreement is a big deal in the fight against climate change—and now, a big step closer to reality. 
The United States is leading the way in the fight to  
Conservation not only protects diverse lands and species, it's also an important part of battling climate change. 
"When we protect our lands, it helps us protect the climate for the future." —President Obama  
President Obama has a message for America's workers today—check it out    
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the labor movement that helped build this country. 
 It's official  The U.S. and China have entered into the   
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs. 
When Americans stand together, there's no challenge too great to solve—not even climate change.  today  
Unemployment  ⬇
Deficits  ⬇
Uninsured rate  ⬇
Jobs  +15.1 million 
It's been a long road, but we're far better off than we were eight years ago. 
The economy added 151,000 jobs in August—extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.
Senate leaders return from recess next week. They need to get to work on a vote for Judge Garland—say so.  
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs. 
 "There's no conflict between a healthy economy and a healthy planet." —  
Stay in the loop with important facts, brought to you weekly. Join  Truth Team  
Senate leaders need to hear you expect a vote on Judge Garland when recess ends—say you'll let them know   
We can't afford to have a Supreme Court that's short-handed. Here's why  
The American people need their legislators to be dedicated to solutions, not obstruction.  
Senate leaders have a job to do—join the thousands reminding them when they reconvene next week.  
 . cannot do it alone. Congress must act to enact a fairer federal sentencing system   
Summer's almost over, Senate leaders.  
Have meaningful, fact-based conversations. Join OFA's Truth Team   
Show off your pride in this movement—grab your Organizing&amp; tee   
Senate leaders must put country before party politics. Read why it's time to give Judge Garland a vote. 
It's not too late for Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and up-or-down vote. Say you agree. 
Obstruction—especially when it comes to the Supreme Court—is nothing to be proud of,   
President Obama continues his track record of protecting millions of acres of federal land and water. Take a look  
Speaking up is the first step. Let's build on our progress one conversation at a time.  
Say you'll continue the fight to make gender equality a reality in America   
We've come a long way, but there's still more to do to make sure women are truly treated equally.  
Organize for change in your community, and look good doing it.  
"These are our American cathedrals, and they belong to you." —Jonathan B. Jarvis, director of the  
Happy 100th birthday,  Here's to the next 100.  
 . 💯 bday is a great time to look to next century—connecting all Americans to parks &amp; conservation.SJ h…
We need nine Supreme Court justices. The Senate needs to do its job and vote on Judge Garland   
This is nothing more than shameless partisanship. The Supreme Court should be held in higher regard.  
Get important news delivered straight to your inbox—join the  Truth Team  
Rhode Island just built America's first offshore wind farm, which will create clean energy and fight climate change. 
America's leadership in the fight against climate change pays off in more ways than one.  
 "What I want the people of Louisiana to know is this—you’re not alone."—  
We can't wait any longer to restore our Supreme Court to full capacity. Tell Senate leaders  It's time for a vote. 
The Supreme Court isn't some partisan football to be kicked around. Senate leaders should stop treating it like one. 
Read why the Supreme Court needs nine justices, not shameless partisanship. 
Get the facts. Cut through the noise with the  Truth Team   
"We’ve protected more than 265 million acres of public lands and waters." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the 100th anniversary of the  
Another record broken.  
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now  
Climate change is not too big of a challenge to solve. We're making good headway.  
“Each month just gives another data point that makes the evidence stronger that we’re changing the climate.” 
Fifteen months in a row of record-breaking heat is a signal that can't be denied  We need to  
Get the facts, not the fluff—join the OFA Truth Team  
Carry what you need while organizing for change.  
New standards for heavy-duty trucks will cut 1.1 billion metric tons of carbon pollution through 2027. 
Call on Congress to  Add your name to support common-sense gun legislation  
We shouldn't accept this as normal.  
Doing nothing won't stop our country's gun violence epidemic. Congress must act to  
 Here's how today's new actions will spur innovation and promote more efficient vehicles   
We’re taking important steps to help guarantee the basic security of paid family leave.  
Senate leaders must stop obstructing our Supreme Court. Take a stand and show your support.  
Reminder  It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees.  
Today, thousands of young DREAMers are able to fully contribute to our communities and our economy. 
Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. Add your voice and show your support   
It’s not too late. Senate leaders can still make this right and give Judge Garland an up-or-down vote. 
Editorial boards around the country agree  Our judicial system is too important to be used as a political football. 
"There's no doubt that America has become a global leader in the fight against climate change." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses progress made in combating climate change—and what's left to do. 
Let's be clear  Senate leaders are playing political games with the Supreme Court.  
The Clean Power Plan will improve the future health and well-being of our children and families.  
Not long ago, women could be charged more for health insurance—for being women. There's more to do   
Equality isn't a zero-sum game. 
Five months is long enough. It's time for a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. 
Senate leaders continue to obstruct a full Supreme Court and it must stop—add your name if you agree   
Read what major news outlets are saying about the critical need for a fully functioning Supreme Court  
20 million more insured ✔️ 
15 million new jobs ✔️ 
A global climate agreement ✔️ 

Let's keep it going  
Don't let misinformation go unchallenged. Join the  Truth Team and get the facts to fight back  
Being cynical is easy. It's having hope in the face of adversity that's hard—but essential. 
Grab one of these for all your progressive organizing travels.  
Don't let the cynics win. Keep pushing for change with  
We've accomplished so much as a movement—and it's thanks to the power of organizing. 
Judge Garland has now waited 146 days. That's shameful—and irresponsible.  
Senate leaders are hamstringing our Supreme Court. This obstruction is unprecedented—and unacceptable   
Editorial boards from across the country have called on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
 Watch  and  share their favorite Olympic memories—and cheer on   
President Obama has done more to improve energy efficiency than any previous U.S. leader.  
Adding clean energy jobs is another way the U.S. is continuing to  
Show your support for bold action to fight climate change.  
Americans across the country agree that we need bold action in the fight against climate change.  
These extreme records aren't a fluke—climate change is largely caused by human activity.  
"Team USA reminds the world why America always sets the gold standard." —President Obama 
President Obama reflects on his experience as a feminist—and his hopes to continue building toward gender equality. 
 FACT  Wages are rising at the fastest pace in 7 years →   
Today's jobs report underscores what we know to be true  America's economy is the strongest in the world. 
This is a good thing for American workers and businesses—but there's more work to do. 
Our economy is continuing its comeback. Let's keep up the progress. 
The economy added 255,000 jobs in July—a record-breaking 77 months of private-sector job growth.
It’s President Obama’s last birthday in office—​d​on’t forget to sign ​the card. 
Keep that smile going strong. Wish President Obama a happy 55th birthday today   
Make President Obama's last birthday in office extra special. Sign the card    
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest steps forward in the fight to  
One last birthday as Organizer-in-Chief. Help make it a good one—sign the card now   
Birthday game  stronger. 
Wish President Obama a happy 55th.  
From the Clean Power Plan to the Paris Climate Agreement, the U.S. is leading the way in the fight to  
Don't sleep on this—the President's birthday is tomorrow. Sign the card now   
Today is the one-year anniversary of the Clean Power Plan—show your support in the fight to  
The Clean Power Plan will cut carbon pollution from power plants by 32 percent by 2030.  
Show President Obama some love on his 55th birthday—sign the birthday card.  
Step 1  Sign President Obama's birthday card. 
Step 2  Celebrate.  
Senate leaders are weakening our highest court by refusing to vote on Judge Garland.  
It has been a record-breaking 139 days since Judge Garland was nominated and still no hearing or vote.  
Supreme Court seats  9
Current number of Justices  8
Number of hearings/votes on President Obama's nominee  0

44 is turning 55. Celebrate—sign the card. 
Judge Garland should get a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote from the Senate. Speak out.  
The Supreme Court still needs a ninth justice, but Senate leaders are still refusing to do their jobs.  
55? May be time for some new material. Join  in wishing President Obama happy birthday.  
Keep up with the issues that matter to you. Spread the facts. Join the  Truth Team.  
"We all have to do our job. The President has done his. Senate Republicans must do theirs." — Biden  
🎶 Sign the card and wish President Obama a happy birthday. 🎶  
In the weekly address, retired Federal Judge Timothy Lewis joins  Biden to discuss the  vacancy. 
Before their obstruction of President Obama's nominee, these six senators voted to confirm Judge Garland. 
Add your name if you think the Supreme Court is no place for partisan political games   
It's been a record-breaking 135 days since President Obama nominated Judge Garland. The obstruction must end. 
Help President Obama celebrate his 55th birthday by signing  card today   
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now  
Wildfire seasons are getting longer, more dangerous, and more expensive. We need to do more to  
Fighting for progress never goes out of style. Get your  Classic Tee   
It's time to offer serious solutions on how to build on  progress—not take it away. 
We've made a lot of progress, but there's still more work to do. 
Thanks to  millions of Americans have gained the coverage they need. Say you're proud. 
Six years later, and Republican leaders still have no credible  alternative. 
It's the mark of the movement—wear it proud. Get yours today   
Judge Garland is a well qualified nominee. Senate leaders' refusal to even give him a hearing is unacceptable. 
Let's be clear   is working and helping millions of Americans. 
97 percent of climate scientists agree—climate change is real and man-made. Stand up for bold action   
It's easy to be cynical, but there's no challenge we can't overcome.  
Add your name if you think we need common-sense legislation to prevent gun violence.  
Actively ignoring this epidemic is unacceptable. Congress has to act.  
 Announcing the sequel to the  — "the most significant action this year" to reduce global warming  
Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
Restoring the Supreme Court to full strength must remain above Senate leaders' petty politics.  
The federal minimum wage hasn't been raised since 2009. $7.25 isn't enough to make ends meet—we need to 
"Our economy is stronger today than it was before the crisis." —President Obama 
In the weekly address,  joins President Obama to discuss economic progress and Wall Street reform. 
Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy  
A reminder for Senate leaders  Judge Garland has had strong bipartisan support in the past.  
Ida is one of the millions of people getting new opportunities to go solar and save money. Find out more  
Our economy is making real progress. 
By almost every economic measure, our economy is better off than it was eight years ago. 
America’s businesses have created more than 14 million new private-sector jobs over 76 straight months. 
For three years in a row, heat records have been broken across the globe. We have to  now. 
 FACT  Since  took office more than 50,000 workers have been trained to enter the solar industry  
Make your voice heard  The Senate must fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court.  
Today marks 125 days since Judge Garland's nomination—the longest time in history from nomination to confirmation. 
Editorial boards across the country are calling on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Read more  
The majority of Americans believe Judge Garland should get a fair hearing—add your name if you agree.  
Read President Obama's op-ed in the  on the need for Senate leaders to fill the  vacancy   
Happening now  President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge. 
Happening now  President Obama is delivering remarks at the Diplomatic Corps Reception. 
Tonight  President Obama joins a town hall discussion on communities and policing. Watch at 8 p.m. ET on  
Stay in touch with the latest news—join the  Truth Team   
Check out  Biden on the Supreme Court vacancy and Senate Republicans’ continued obstruction.  
Watch President Obama deliver remarks at the  service yesterday. 
President Obama is delivering remarks at an interfaith memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas. 
At 1 40 p.m. ET, President Obama will be speaking at a memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas. 
 "We stand united with the people and the police department in Dallas." — on last night's attack in  
 At 6 35pm ET,  will speak on the reports of police shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota. Tune in  
Happy Fourth of July. 
"Just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world if we all lived a little more like Elie Wiesel." —President Obama
Watch President Obama share a  message in the weekly address. 
Millions of Americans believe the Senate should hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. Are you one of them? 
Nationwide, editorial boards agree that Senate leaders should get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. 
Chicago raising its minimum wage is another reminder  Congress needs to keep up and  for hard-working Americans nationwide.
Congrats to Chicago and all those who fought to  Boosting paychecks for hard-working Americans is the right thing to do.
Don't let the facts get drowned out. Join the OFA Truth Team today   
Since  passed, health care spending has been slowing—and the uninsured rate is down to an all-time low. 
Quick—you're running out of time to chip in before the fundraising deadline.  
We can do more than thoughts, prayers, and moments of silence. Add your voice to call on Congress to  
Stretch it out and get ready—the fundraising deadline is tonight.  
An overwhelming majority of Americans agree—Congress needs to act.  
Reach out and help build this movement—pitch in   
After Monday's  ruling, more unconstitutional restrictions on women's reproductive rights are falling. 
Add your name if you agree  Climate change is real and it's going to take global action to tackle it.  
A new historic goal in the fight to  
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention   
Enough has been enough for a long time. Congress needs to vote on sensible gun legislation now.  
Congratulations to D.C., and thanks to Mayor Bowser and the D.C. Council for fighting to  
"She outworked her rivals ... and became a role model to millions of Americans—including our two daughters." —President Obama on Pat Summitt
You don't need super powers to help push progress forward. Chip in today   
 Today we celebrate Stonewall National Monument &amp; all those who made the 1st LGBT monument possible.SJ  ht…
Today's  ruling reaffirms that every woman has a right to make her own reproductive choices. 
Say you'll keep fighting to protect a woman's right to make her own reproductive choices. 
The Supreme Court just struck down Texas' overly restrictive abortion laws—a win for women's reproductive rights. 
 This is a win for Texans &amp; women across the country who need access to abortion.   
Love only wins when people like you stand up and fight for it. Are you in?  
We must keep working toward an America free from discrimination against LGBT individuals.  
President Obama designates the first national monument honoring the LGBT rights movement.  
Wear your love with pride.   
"We can’t rest. We’ve got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance." —President Obama 
Marriage equality is one year old. But we still have a long way to go for full equality.  
Stand in solidarity with LGBT Americans—add your name.  
We've made enormous progress toward full equality for LGBT Americans. Let's keep it going.  
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the Stonewall Inn's significance and the ongoing push for progress  
Take a look   Biden discusses what 4-4 decisions—like yesterday's on immigration—mean for our country. 
From gun violence prevention to LGBT rights, this grassroots movement is fighting for progress. Show your support  
"Stonewall will be our first national monument to tell the story of the struggle for LGBT rights." —President Obama 
A few words used by leading legal minds to describe Judge Garland 
Phenomenal
Exceptionally bright
Fair-minded 
Think the Senate should give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your voice   
Because Senate leaders refuse to do their jobs, the Supreme Court cannot properly do its job.  
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention   
Congress  Listen to the millions of voices demanding a vote on efforts to reduce gun violence.  
Our immigration system is broken, and we need Congress for a long-term solution—speak up for  
 Watch →  on why today's  decision sets us back even further
on immigration reform  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about today's Supreme Court immigration ruling.  
We need more than moments of silence. We need action. And that's what's going on in the House now   
 Always the keeper of the nation's conscience at times of challenge and controversy. Thank you, John Lewis. 
 My colleagues &amp; I have had enough. We are sitting-in on the House Floor until we get a vote to address gun violence. 
The kind of obstruction we're seeing from Senate leaders is unprecedented.  
If you're one of the millions of Americans who believes Judge Garland should get a fair hearing, add your voice  
Judge Merrick Garland just received the American Bar Association's highest rating  
Say you support decisive action to tackle climate change.  
Clean energy is here to stay. 
"There's something sacred about this place." —President Obama on Yosemite National Park 
 Gun violence requires more than moments of silence. It requires action. In failing that test, the Senate failed the American peo…
Staying informed is too important leave to chance. Join the  Truth Team today   
Join  on a conference call to discuss efforts we can take to help reduce gun violence. 
Take a look at President Obama's interview with  on national parks, climate change and more. 
"To me, fatherhood means being there." —President Obama 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. 
In the weekly address, the President talks about setting examples for children in light of tragedies like Orlando. 
 "These parks belong to all of us. This planet belongs to all of us. It’s the only one we’ve got" — in Yosemite 
President Obama has taken unprecedented steps to protect our land and water for future generations. 
This week, people all over the world came together to stand with the LGBT community—take a look  
 Taking steps to reduce gun violence worth doing if it could save one life. But it could save far more. Finish this. 
 Today  &amp;  visited Orlando. Watch the President give remarks after meeting with the families of the victims  
 
 "In the face of hate and violence, we will love one another. We will not give into fear." — 
 At 1 30pm ET,  will deliver a statement on the tragic shooting in  Watch live  
"Minds open. Hearts change. America shifts." —President Obama  

Today,  in all 50 states. But millions of Americans are still fighting to end discrimination—join them  
This is how you Slow Jam the News   
 . and  Slow Jam the News    
Watch President Obama Slow Jam the News on  at 11 35 p.m. ET.  
Be proud of how far we've come—and continue to push for progress.  
Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing is pure politics.  
Your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court matters  
Senate leaders' politicization of the Supreme Court is "unconscionable."  
Love looks good on you. Wear it with pride    
This month and every month.  
Unemployment rate ⬇
Federal deficit ⬇
Uninsured rate ⬇ 
Watch as President Obama tackles four common myths about our economy. 
Former Energy Secretary  Why the  will make a difference in fighting climate change. 
 Together, we are stronger. Together we can change tomorrow. Stand with us   

"We pray that the greatest fighter of them all finally rests in peace." —President Obama 
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree  
It's time for Senate leaders to end the obstruction of our Supreme Court.  
Make sure you have all the facts—sign up to be part of the  Truth Team.  
This is the largest annual global increase in renewable power capacity—ever   
Watch  This is why people across the country have decided to  today. 
Gun violence takes too many lives in our country. Congress must do something about it—add your name if you agree  
This National Gun Violence Awareness Day, keep the pressure on Congress to act.  
The noise around gun violence is loud.
But we can be louder.
 
Join the thousands of people calling on Congress to do something about gun violence—add your name   
Gun violence takes far too many lives in America. Congress needs to act.  
 We cannot accept our level of gun violence as the new normal. We must take action to prevent this from happening again &amp; again.…
LAST CHANCE  Keep calm and enter before the midnight deadline.  
 June 2 is almost here!

How are you going to  tomorrow? 
Speak out against gun violence— tomorrow. 
Don't miss your chance to meet President Obama this summer. Enter before tonight's deadline  
 “Our deficits haven’t grown these past seven and a half years; we’ve cut them by almost 75%.” — 
This is progress—but there's still more work to do to make sure our economy works for everybody. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Elkhart, Indiana, highlighting America's economic progress. 
Tune in at 3 25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Elkhart, Indiana—seven years after his first visit. 
"Make the choice to do some good in the world." Watch Judge Garland speak to high school seniors at his alma mater  
You don't want to miss out on this opportunity—enter now before tonight's deadline.  
Suit up—enter for a chance to meet President Obama before the deadline.  
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree  
Because some Senate leaders won't do their jobs, the Supreme Court can't fully do its job.  
Share a laugh with President Obama—enter now for your chance.  
"Today, and every day, let us remember the servicemen and women we have lost." —President Obama 
"This Memorial weekend, I hope you’ll join me in acts of remembrance." —President Obama 
 It's graduation day at Niles West High School! Watch Judge Garland speak live at 1pm ET   
A new survey shows that the overwhelming majority of  customers are satisfied with their plans  
Join the  Truth Team and help set the record straight on issues you care about   
Enter now for the chance to get some pointers from the Commander-in-Chief.  
Stand up for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland  
Judge Garland 

Independent mind ✓
Highly qualified ✓
Has had bipartisan support ✓

Senate leaders   
Tell your friends you fist bumped President Obama—enter now for your chance.  
Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented.  
Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court—add your name if you agree   
Judge Garland was confirmed with bipartisan support in the past. He deserves a fair hearing.  
Get some face time with President Obama. Enter now for your chance to meet him   
If you think Senate leaders should do their jobs and fill the  vacancy, add your name now  
Don't pass this up—enter now   
"People want Senate to act on Supreme Court vacancy." See what editorial boards are saying   
Ever wished you could meet President Obama? Here's your chance.  
Judge Garland has one of the most impressive resumes of any Supreme Court nominee in recent history. 
You don't want to miss out on this chance. Enter today   
Editorial boards to senators   and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
President Obama did his job, now it's time for the Senate to fulfill its duties—say you agree   
On average, it's taken 67 days to confirm Supreme Court nominees since 1975.  
"This week my administration took a step to help more workers get the overtime pay they’ve earned." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses expanding  for millions of American workers  
This summer, you and a friend could meet President Obama. Here's how  
Check out editorials from across the country calling on senators to fill the Supreme Court vacancy   
Editorial boards across the country are telling Senate leaders   
Despite Judge Garland's qualifications, some Senate leaders still refuse to give him a hearing—speak out  
The uninsured rate just hit 9.1 percent—the lowest ever recorded. 
Don't miss this   
Thanks to the new  rule, millions of hard-working Americans will have more economic security. 
Stand up for middle-class workers—add your name to support the Obama administration's new  rule  
Marriage equality? Affordable health care? Or economic progress? Tell him in person   
 Today we're updating and strengthening  pay rules to make sure millions more Americans are paid fairly. 
Add your name if you support the Obama administration's new  rule that expands protections for millions  
LIVE   Biden is speaking about the economy at  headquarters in Ohio. 
This is a big day for millions of middle-class workers. 
LIVE  Senate Judiciary Democrats are holding a forum on Judge Merrick Garland. 
 BREAKING   is taking an important step on  to ensure your work is rewarded →  
Here's your chance  Tell President Obama what you're most thankful for—in person.  
Judge Garland's former clerks have a lot to say about his record, work-life balance, and more—take a look  
Senate leaders are continuing to obstruct a fair hearing for Judge Garland—help put the pressure on   
It's time for Senate leaders to put politics aside and fill the Supreme Court vacancy.  
April was the seventh consecutive month of record-high temperatures. We need to  
Think Senate leaders should do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your name   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking with  about his  nominee, Judge Merrick Garland. 
 Tune in this afternoon as  interviews President Obama live from the White House on FB Live and YouTube! 
We need to lead this fight.  
Change happens because people like you fight to make it happen. 
Show your support for continued efforts to tackle climate change   
Read more about the historic new standards in place to reduce methane pollution  
Senate leaders should listen to the American people.  
Say you support a fair  nomination process—speak up now  
Find out what Judge Merrick Garland's former clerks have to say about his record as a public servant  
Editorial boards are speaking up on the  vacancy. Here's what they're saying   
Add your name if you support big steps forward in the fight to tackle climate change   
The Obama administration just finalized standards to cut methane pollution and improve public health.  
We can't afford to have a key part of our democracy understaffed. We need nine justices.  
The Senate should give President Obama's Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote.  
Add your voice to the push for a fair Supreme Court nomination process    
Here's where editorial boards across the country stand when it comes to the  vacancy   
Senate leaders   and give Judge Garland the fair hearing he deserves. 
 Like the  nominees before him, Judge Garland filled out a questionnaire for Senators   
Join the hundreds of thousands of people calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing  
Judge Garland has impeccable credentials—he deserves a fair hearing from the Senate.  
Add your name if you agree  We need a full Supreme Court bench for a functioning democracy.  
Partisan obstructionism shouldn't hold back our Supreme Court.  
President Obama has a message for  supporters on the work ahead  
"This Mother’s Day, say thank you. Say, 'I love you.'" —President Obama 
Add your name if you think Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court   
 “The economy has been growing, unemployment has been falling, and wages have been rising” — 
74 consecutive months—more than six years—of private-sector job growth. Let's keep up the progress. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the economy and new steps to strengthen financial transparency. 
The economy added 160,000 jobs in April—a record-breaking 74 months of private-sector job growth.
President Obama just granted clemency to 58 men and women who've earned a second chance   
Say that Senate leaders should stop hiding behind excuses and give Judge Garland a fair hearing   
Check out President Obama's latest message to  supporters and volunteers  
 "A young girl shouldn't have to go to Washington to be heard." — on 8-year-old Mari   
President Obama  When American workers and businesses compete on a level playing field, no one can beat us. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at Northwestern High School in Flint, Michigan. 
Retweet if you agree.  
Make your voice heard on a fair  nomination process—add your name today   
LIVE  President Obama honors the 2016 National Teacher of the Year. 
Good climate change policy and good economic policy can go hand in hand.  
American workers deserve a trade agreement that works for them. Check out President Obama's op-ed on  
The United States just hit one million solar installations—enough to power 5.5 million homes. 
Say you're one of the majority of Americans who want Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing.  
Building a clean energy economy is a great way to  for people across the country. 
Read what editorial boards across the country have to say about the  vacancy  
It's unacceptable for obstructionists in the Senate to play political games with the Supreme Court. Say you agree  
"And with that, I just have two more words to say—Obama out." —President Obama at the 

Don't miss this  
Watch "Couch Commander" President Obama at last night's  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the  
Tune in at 8 00 p.m. ET to watch "Comedian-in-Chief" President Obama at the  
"Poll after poll shows a majority of Americans think Senate Republicans should do their job." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama has a simple message for Senate Republicans   
Senate leaders need to do their jobs and fill the  vacancy.  
Clean air makes for healthier and safer communities.  
Hundreds of thousands of Americans are calling on Senate leaders to fill the  vacancy—join them  
It's been more than 40 days since Judge Garland was nominated. Senate leaders   
Don't let climate change deniers jeopardize the progress we've made toward a safer, healthier future. Call them out  
Fighting climate change will save Americans money at the gas pump.  
Add your name if you support global efforts to tackle climate change  
Watch Professor Obama take obstructionists in the Senate back to school with  101.  
For the health of our children and grandchildren, we have to  
The Senate should uphold its constitutional duty and give Judge Garland a fair hearing. Add your name if you agree  
Watch  Professor Obama has a  lesson for obstructionists in the Senate.  
"Not to let the Constitution function is totally irresponsible and it's never happened like this before." — 
Don't let climate change deniers derail progress—show your support for bold action on climate change   
The fight to tackle climate change took a big step on Friday with hundreds of countries signing the  
ICYMI  The U.S. and more than 170 other nations just signed the  first ever global climate deal. 
We all play a part in helping to stop gun violence. Do your part— on June 2. 
We're already seeing the effects of climate change. Denial is unacceptable.  
Show your support for bold moves to combat climate change—add your name   
Carbon pollution is the biggest contributor to climate change—and President Obama is taking it head on. 
"We have criminal justice policies, including unfair sentencing laws, that need to be reformed." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama talks about his efforts to improve our criminal justice system.  
"From our family to yours, chag sameach." —President Obama 
Happy  
 Huge day for our Great Green Spinning Chunk of Awesome. Thank you world leaders for taking  
We can tackle climate change—but it's going to take all of us working together.  
 Healthy parks = Healthy planet 🌎
  
Bold action on climate change matters.  
Say you'll stand up for bold action to fight climate change   
 “Today, on  our governments, along with about 170 others, are in New York to sign that agreement.” — 
The Paris Agreement is a big deal.  
 President Obama is protecting our lands and waters for future generations.  
"'A strong spirit transcends rules,' Prince once said—and nobody's spirit was stronger, bolder, or more creative." —President Obama
President Obama is investing in a more sustainable future.  
 . breaks down why it's time for the Senate Republicans to give the President's  a hearing.   
We can't let climate change deniers derail progress—say you stand for bold action   
Continuing to invest in clean energy like solar power is critical in the fight to  
Last year, wind energy generated enough electricity to power 17.5 million homes   
Add your name to support bold action to combat climate change   
Climate change is real—and it's devastating communities across the country. We have  now. 
The wind energy industry keeps growing—here's the latest on its record-setting year   
Stand up today for a fair Supreme Court nomination process   
Happy National Park Week. Go  today.  
President Obama's  could have a big economic impact. 
Last month continued the streak of record-breaking global temperatures.  
This is unprecedented.  
Show your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland   
Editorial boards are making their voices heard on the  nomination process. See what they're saying  
Add your name if you think the Senate should give Judge Garland fair consideration   
See what editorial boards are saying about Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing  
This kind of Senate obstructionism is completely unprecedented.  
Climate change means wildfires are now a continual threat in some parts of the country   
 . highlights a few of the young innovators at the   
LIVE  President Obama is delivering remarks at the  
Tune in at 2 50 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the  
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the Supreme Court—he deserves a hearing.   
Read why having nine Supreme Court justices is critical for our judicial system   
It's time.  
"Improving gender equality would add at least $2.1 trillion to U.S. gross domestic product by 2025."  
Retweet if you agree.  
Stand up for equal pay—add your name now   
"I'm here to say we will close the wage gap." —President Obama  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about women's equality on  
Tune in at 11 25 a.m. ET to watch as President Obama designates a new national monument honoring women's equality  
 On   will designate a new national monument honoring women’s equality   
Side by side.  
 ICYMI   discusses what his hope is in the Senate regarding his nominee, Judge Garland. 

(Hint   
We cannot let political gridlock and dysfunction spread to our Supreme Court. 
It's time for the United States to  your support if you agree  
Retweet if you believe it's time for the United States to  
Speak up for a fair hearing for Judge Merrick Garland   
This is unprecedented.  
Add a comment if you agree  American workers shouldn't have to choose between their health and a paycheck. 
Working families in America should have the basic security of paid sick leave.  
If you think Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote, add your name   
 "Why is it so hard for this guy to get a hearing and a vote?" — on GOP obstruction of  nom.  
LIVE  The President is at  discussing why Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. 
Tune in at 3 30 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the  nomination process at  
Read what a former  student learned from Professor Obama   
Show your support for the proposal to expand paid sick leave—add a comment today   
The U.S. is the only advanced nation that doesn't guarantee paid sick leave—it's time to change that.  
The Senate has more than enough time to give Judge Garland a fair up-or-down vote.  
 Obama’s National Monuments Have Been An Economic Boon For Local Economies  via 
Add your voice to the thousands calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing   
 It's  Stay informed about how climate change could impact your health →  
If we don't  now, the sea level could rise by more than six feet by the end of the century  
Clean energy currently employs 2.5 million people in the United States. Check it out   
Ten million workers in California and New York now have better economic security   
 "We should keep building an economy where everybody has a fair shot, and everybody plays by the same rules." — 
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy. 
Tune in at 12 15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement about the economy  
"Supreme Court struggles with just eight justices."  
An overwhelming majority of Americans want a fair  nomination process—add your name if you're one of them  
Judge Merrick Garland received bipartisan support in the past. Today should be no different.  
Stay informed and get the facts with the  Truth Team   
Our economy is making real progress, but we have to keep fighting to make sure that it works for everybody. 
"Another encouraging jobs report," as the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record continues. 
The United States of America has the strongest, most durable economy in the world—and it's getting better. 
The economy added 215,000 jobs in March—a record-breaking 73 months of private-sector job growth.
This is it—your last chance to win a free trip to Chicago to meet James Taylor   
DEADLINE  Chip in to support this grassroots movement before midnight tonight.  
You've got a friend that wants to meet James Taylor? Enter today and you could both be heading to Chicago  
Marriage equality. 
Obamacare. 
A global climate agreement. 
Push for more progress   
Get weekly updates on everything from the  nomination process to climate change   
Calling all supporters—the fundraising deadline is here. Do your part to chip in   
Enjoy the tunes of James Taylor in Chicago this summer—enter before tomorrow's deadline   
Time's almost up. Pitch in before the deadline   
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing    
Make a play before the big fundraising deadline tomorrow—pitch in now   
A free flight to Chicago.
A free hotel room.
Tickets to see the legendary James Taylor.
Enter now  
Start your engines—the big fundraising deadline is coming up. Chip in   
Ever met a music legend? Here's your chance—meet James Taylor in Chicago this summer   
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate    
Read President Obama's op-ed on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a Senate hearing   
 We all have to do our job -- including the U.S. Senate.

Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing. 
Add your name for a chance to see James Taylor perform live in Chicago this summer   
LIVE  President Obama and  are participating in the annual White House  
 Watch how one of our oldest traditions, the White House  has evolved over the past 138 years. 
"We wish all who celebrate a blessed and joyful Easter." —President Obama 
"Michelle and I join our fellow Christians in observing Good Friday and celebrating Easter this weekend." —President Obama 
Follow  for updates on the fight to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
 When the  was Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, every single  nominee got a hearing and a vote. 
Tell Senate leaders to do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing    
Judge Garland is a highly qualified nominee to fill the  vacancy. Senators, it's time to  
"I believe Judge Garland is exactly the kind of judge we need on the Supreme Court." —President Obama  
Judge Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.  
Join  in calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and a timely vote   
The support for a fair hearing for Judge Garland is growing.  
LIVE   Biden is urging the Senate to give Judge Merrick Garland a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote. 
Tune in at 12 30 p.m. ET to see  Biden speak about why fair consideration for Judge Garland is so important  
It's a paws-itively beautiful day.  
Obamacare  Giving young adults (and their parents) peace of mind since 2010. 
Obamacare is here to stay. 
 Because of the  insurance is better for everyone, no matter where it’s purchased.  
 CBO estimates imply that the  will cut the deficit by over $3 trillion in the next two decades. 
20 million Americans covered  ✔
9 in 10 Americans now have health insurance  ✔
Lowest uninsured rate on record  ✔ 
On the sixth anniversary of  stand with  and say you'll keep fighting for affordable health care  
 "The thoughts and prayers of the American people are with the people of Belgium" — on the attacks in  
Want to meet James Taylor in Chicago? Enter today for your chance   
Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration from the Senate.  
Tell Senate leaders  Your constituents expect you to   
"Give Judge Garland the respect he has earned. Give him a hearing. Give him an up-or-down vote." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama urges the Senate to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and timely vote  
Read from  editorial board on why Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing  
Check out how  supporters are calling for a fair  hearing and timely up-or-down vote  
Retweet if you believe Judge Merrick Garland deserves fair consideration.  
Make your voice heard on a fair  nomination process for Judge Merrick Garland  
Happy  
Yesterday President Obama revealed his March Madness bracket. Check it out   
President Obama took his constitutional duty seriously and nominated a well qualified  
Judge Garland is a qualified  with past bipartisan approval—show your support   
 "He is the right man for the job. He deserves to be confirmed." — on his  Merrick Garland 
Judge Merrick Garland deserves a fair hearing and a timely vote.  
HAPPENING NOW  President Obama is announcing his nominee to fill the  vacancy. 
Tune in at 11 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce his  
Senate leaders shouldn't hold up the Supreme Court nomination process—sign the petition  
These editorials explain why the Senate must do its job and hold fair  nomination hearings   
This February was so hot that it shattered global records. Check it out   
There's a lot of misinformation out there—help spread the facts with the  Truth Team   
Happy  
By a margin of nearly 2-to-1, Americans believe the Senate should hold hearings on a  nominee  
Refusing to even meet with a  nominee has no basis in the Constitution.  
If you think the Senate should give President Obama's  nominee a fair hearing, add your name   
 "We avoided a Great Depression. 
Thanks, Obama."
—  
LIVE  President Obama is participating in a  panel on civic engagement and technology. 
The Senate should fairly consider a  nominee—sign the petition if you agree   
Not caught up on the Supreme Court vacancy? Read what editorial boards around the country are saying   
The United States and Canada are joining together to reduce methane pollution. Read more   
 "Canada is joining us in our aggressive goal to bring down methane emissions in the oil and gas sector" — 
Refusing to hold a hearing on a presidential nominee is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders   
 "I'm going to do my job and then my expectation is going to be will the Senate do its job" —  
Senators on the Judiciary Committee have demanded a vote on judicial nominees 90 times. Here's a list   
"Under my chairmanship, every Supreme Court nominee was given a hearing and a vote in the Judiciary Committee." — 
 Vermont just took the  so families won't have to choose between their job and the family they love. 
Add your name if you think the Senate should do its job    
"Senate needs to think and vote." See what editorials boards are saying about the Supreme Court nomination  
  see a world where every child can go to school and fulfill their boundless potential.  
The President is going to nominate a qualified Supreme Court Justice—tell Senate leaders to do their jobs  
From  Biden  Why the Senate shouldn't hold back the  nomination process. 
We've come a long way on women's equality, but there's still so much work to be done.  
"U.S. solar seems poised for not just a record year but perhaps a blowout year." Get the numbers   
"If Selma taught us anything, it’s that our work is never done." —President Obama  
Refusing to hold hearings for a president's  nominee has never happened before. 
There is no excuse to delay the  nomination—add your name to  petition if you agree  
Most Americans agree that the Senate should do its job and give the  nominee a fair hearing   
 "We remain grateful for Nancy Reagan's life" — and   
A well-qualified  nominee deserves a fair hearing and a timely up-or-down vote.  
Take a look at what editorial boards across the country think of the Senate refusing to do its job   
It's the Senate's duty to fairly consider the President's  nominee—and there's plenty of time to do so. 
February's 242,000 new jobs mean the American economy has been creating jobs for six straight years. 
The American economy continues its comeback. 
The economy added 242,000 jobs in February—a record-breaking six straight years of private-sector job growth.
The majority of Americans agree that President Obama should nominate someone to fill the  vacancy  
 BREAKING  20 million more Americans now know the security of health insurance thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
LIVE  President Obama is celebrating Milwaukee's victory in the Healthy Communities Challenge. 
Sign the petition—join the thousands of voices speaking up for a fair Supreme Court nomination process   
Tune in at 12 50 p.m. ET to see President Obama congratulate Milwaukee on winning the Healthy Communities Challenge. 
This is what a consensus looks like.  
 Good news  Oregon just raised its minimum wage. 

if you agree it's time to  for all Americans. 
Deliberately creating partisan gridlock is not the way our democracy should work.  
The obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. Sign the petition telling the Senate   
Refusing to consider a  nominee before one is even announced is irresponsible.  
 Here's what  is doing to help women achieve their dreams    
Leaving a seat open on the Supreme Court for more than a year is irresponsible—sign the petition   
We're seeing the fastest rise in sea-levels in nearly 3,000 years   
Get the facts on everything from a fair  nomination process to climate change   
Today's the 55th birthday of the  Thanks to all who have served across the globe. 
It's the Senate's duty to give the President's nominee a fair hearing and a timely vote.  
"One-third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year."  (h/t 
Sign  petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process  
LIVE  President Obama is presenting the Medal of Honor to Senior Chief Special Warfare Operator Edward Byers. 
 Climate change "is the most urgent threat facing our entire species."

if you agree with   
 "They. Did. Nothing. Wrong." - at  
Thanks to the  clean energy investments have created hundreds of thousands of jobs. 
Our economy has come a long way, but there's more work to do—say you support common-sense economic policies  
Seven years ago, our economy was shedding nearly 800,000 jobs a day. We've come a long way. 
Our economy has added 14 million jobs over the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record. 
LIVE  President Obama is highlighting the progress of the American economy. 
 It's been 7 years since  signed the  See how it shaped our  future. 

Tune in at 1 55 p.m. ET to see President Obama speak about the economic progress we've made since the  
Tell the Senate  Stop playing games with our Supreme Court.  
The Senate should fulfill its constitutional duty and fairly consider the President's nominee.  
Add your name if you agree  Failing to fill the Supreme Court vacancy for over a year is unacceptable.  
Retweet if you agree that we can't afford to play political games over the Supreme Court vacancy.  
The solar industry hit record growth last year, surpassing natural gas installations for the first time  
 . nominates the first woman and first African-American to be Librarian of Congress  

This kind of obstruction is unprecedented. Tell Senate leaders   
Sign  petition to let the Senate know you demand a fair Supreme Court nomination process  
President Obama on his constitutional responsibility and the qualities he's looking for in his  nominee  
Refusing to even consider the President's Supreme Court nominee is unprecedented. Tell the Senate   
With more than 300 days left in President Obama's term, the Senate has no excuse to delay.  
Be part of the team debunking myths with facts—join the  Truth Team   
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement from the Roosevelt Room. 
A fair judicial nomination process is important for a functioning democracy—read more  
Speak up for a fair nomination process and a timely vote by the Senate—sign  petition   
The Senate should not play political games with our Supreme Court. 
"The Senate also has a constitutional duty  to consider presidential nominees expeditiously."  (h/t 
Add your name to let the Senate know  The Supreme Court is too important to be held hostage by partisan politics. 
 My daughter getting "egged" on. She does things at her own pace.  
 Here's why everyone is sharing pictures of  
Gain the skills you need to turn a desire for change into impact—apply to be an  fellow today  
The impact of climate change in one GIF   
The longest streak of private-sector job growth, 4.9% unemployment rate—middle-class economics is working. 
It's official  January 2016 was the most abnormally warm month on record.  
 "For the third time as President, I get to say  Give it up for the Stanley Cup champs – my hometown Chicago Blackhawks!" —
Read what  Biden has to say about our economic comeback, thanks in part to the Recovery Act  
In the past seven years, our economy has made real progress. 
 Watch  explain why there's more than enough time for the Senate to consider a  nominee he presents. 
 Shoutout to  and all the artists at the  working to build a brighter future.  
This  Day, speak up for equality   
No matter who you are or whom you love, celebrate  Day with pride.  
Stand against discrimination—join the fight for equality.  
Retweet if you believe  
Watch President Obama thank  for all she's done for the LGBT community   
Read President Obama's thoughts on climate change, technology, and   
Thanks to President Obama, future generations will still be able to explore—from sea to shining sea.  
President Obama has protected more land and water than any of his predecessors—and he's not done yet   
 Big news   just protected 1.8 million acres of public lands in CA →   
 . was here in 2007, and tomorrow he’s barack. I mean back.  

Marriage equality may be the law of the land, but there's more work to do to end discrimination. Join the fight  
Show what you believe—get the  tee.  
Celebrate this Valentine's Day with pride, and no matter who you love, commit to ending discrimination.  
"The fact is we’ve gotten a heck of a lot done these past seven years, despite the gridlock." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Springfield, Illinois. 
Tune in at 4 25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak to supporters in Springfield, Illinois  
Join the  Truth Team and spread the facts on issues that matter   
Say cheese.  
 . final budget continues the fight to  for future generations   
An increase in solar jobs is good for our economy and our environment.  
Good news  2015 was another great year for clean energy growth.  
 WATCH   and  play  game "I love it when..." during LIVE interview ahead of  on 

Criminal justice reform is overdue. Speak up for fairness—add your name   
We need to  
Health care marketplace enrollment numbers are in, and it's good news. Take a look   
"The budget I will send to Congress this Tuesday will double funding for clean energy research." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses how the private-sector is helping in the fight to  
Last year was the second-best year for job creation since the late 1990s—but there's more work to do. 
The economy continues a record-breaking streak of 71 straight months of private-sector job growth. Read more  
 "We've recovered from the worst economic crisis since the 1930s." —  
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement on the economy. 
Middle-class economics is working. 
 BREAKING  Nearly 13 million Americans have signed up for private health coverage thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
 Dennis Quaid &amp; Amanda Peet reveal the one thing more popular in America than Taylor Swift, dogs, and football.

Stand up for a smarter, fairer criminal justice system—add your name now   
It's time to  
Check out President Obama's message to  supporters on the importance of keeping up the fight for progress  
Everyone has to pitch in to  including the private sector. Check out what  just did. 
Progress is not inevitable—it depends on hard work. Say you'll fight for it   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Baltimore. 
More than 60 attempts later, and Congress is still wasting time and money trying to repeal or dismantle  
 Good news  U.S. auto sales in January rose to the strongest rate since 2000 →  
Show your organizing pride.  
No fluff, just facts—that's the Truth Team way. Join now   
There's just a few hours left to  for 2016   
Spread the word  Today is the last day to  for 2016.  
TODAY  The last day to check out your options and  Don't miss it.  
 Just 1 day left to get  for 2016 Vist   
The end of the open enrollment is right around the corner—make sure your friends know how to  
 Millions of families now have peace of mind thanks to  Say you'll fight for it   
Have a worry-free weekend, and take care of this right now    
There's still time to  hurry   
Just two days left to get  for 2016.  
Check out what President Obama is doing to help advance  for women. 
Add your name if you agree that equal work deserves  
Seven years ago, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act—a step forward. But the fight isn't over. 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about the importance of  for women.  
 the good news  We're taking new steps to advance  for women → 

Tune in at 12 10 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak on the anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. 
Join the team that's fighting misinformation with facts   
Don't miss this deadline    
 MAJOR 🔑 ALERT! the deadline is January 31st!     bless up 
The open enrollment period ends on Sunday—talk to your friends about how they can  
Preventive care is free under Obamacare. Check out your options and   
Retweet to spread the word, and make sure your friends   
It's not too late—get your vintage tee today.  
Scientists agree climate change is man-made—and we can do something about it.  
"In our criminal justice system, the punishment should fit the crime." —President Obama 
Before Sunday    
Last night, President Obama banned the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons. Read more  
Health care reform has helped millions—join the team that's fighting to protect it.  
A new study confirms that the  will raise wages for American workers and grow our economy. 
Time's running out to  before the January 31 deadline. Check out your options   
Take a look at President Obama's latest common-sense step to help fight climate change   
Join the millions who've enrolled in the new marketplace. The deadline is January 31   
Fifteen of the 16 hottest years ever recorded have been in the 21st century. See for yourself   
"If you haven’t looked at your new coverage options, you’ve still got time to get covered." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama encourages people to check out their health care options and  
Extreme voices in Congress have tried to dismantle  more than 60 times—join the team that's fighting back  
Check ups  covered under Obamacare.   
97 percent of climate scientists agree  Climate change is real and man-made.  
"The government should not intrude on private decisions made between a woman and her doctor." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the U.S. Conference of Mayors. 
Be prepared for the cold.  today   
Get the peace of mind that comes with having health insurance— today   
Fighting climate change  ✔
Creating jobs  ✔
The solar industry is booming. 
"The American auto industry is all the way back." —President Obama  
It's official  Last year was the hottest year on record—by a very wide margin.  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Detroit about the progress of the American auto industry. 
Tune in at 3 25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama highlight the economic comeback of the auto industry  
 7 years ago,  bet big on rescuing the American auto industry. Here's how it paid off   
Shop around    
Read how  organizers are sharing their personal stories to help  
 25,000 pounds of enriched uranium = shipped out of Iran.
  
American diplomacy has helped make the world safer and more secure through the  Read how  
Because of American diplomacy, all of Iran's pathways to a nuclear weapon have been blocked.  
"It is our mission to fulfill his vision of a nation devoted to rejecting bigotry in all its forms." —President Obama 
Happy birthday,  Thank you for all you do. 
"That’s when America works best—when everyone has opportunity; when everyone has some security." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama speaks about taking steps to modernize our unemployment insurance system. 
President Obama announced a pause on new coal leases on federal lands—a step forward in the fight to  
 "If you don't have health insurance on your job then you shouldn't be without coverage" —  
LIVE  President Obama is answering questions from   and   
Tune in at 2 15 p.m. ET to watch President Obama do an interview with three popular YouTube creators  
America now has the lowest uninsured rate on record thanks to  Repealing it doesn't make sense. 
ICYMI  More than 11 million people have enrolled in health care plans through the marketplace so far. 
DEADLINE  Check out your options today for coverage that begins on February 1.   
Check out what  Biden told a group of  supporters yesterday  
Solar energy jobs have doubled in just five years.  
"That’s the country we love. Clear-eyed. Big-hearted. Undaunted by challenge." —President Obama  
LIVE  President Obama is holding a town hall in Louisiana on the progress Americans have made and the path forward. 
Tune in at 11 05 a.m. ET to watch President Obama participate in a town hall in Baton Rouge, Louisiana  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in Omaha about moving our country forward. 
LIVE   Biden is speaking with  supporters on the work ahead in 2016. 
RSVP for  call with  Biden at 3 15 p.m. ET today. You don't want to miss it   
Missed President Obama's final  last night? Check out his full remarks. 
Fired up from the  RSVP to hear  talk about the work ahead with  supporters   
 The 3rd annual  is today! Here's how you can participate   
Fired up and ready to go? Join the movement   
"I believe in change because I believe in you." —President Obama 
"I can promise that a year from now, when I no longer hold this office, I’ll be right there with you as a citizen." —President Obama 
"Our collective future depends on your willingness to uphold your obligations as a citizen." —President Obama 
"Democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesn’t matter." —President Obama 
"Our public life withers when only the most extreme voices get all the attention." —President Obama 
"Democracy grinds to a halt without a willingness to compromise." —President Obama 
"Democracy does require basic bonds of trust between its citizens." —President Obama 
"The future we want ... is within our reach. But it will only happen if we work together." —President Obama 
"We need to reject any politics that targets people because of race or religion." —President Obama 
President Obama  The Trans-Pacific Partnership will protect workers and the environment.  
 Hear some good ideas tonight? Show your support—add your name   
"Our troops are the finest fighting force in the history of the world." —President Obama 
"The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period." —President Obama 
"We’ve got to accelerate the transition away from old, dirtier energy sources." —President Obama 
"Gas under two bucks a gallon ain’t bad, either." —President Obama 
"On rooftops from Arizona to New York, solar is saving Americans tens of millions of dollars a year." —President Obama  
"Seven years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history." —President Obama 
"Why would we want to pass up the chance for American businesses to produce and sell the energy of the future?" —President Obama 
 Climate action can no longer be pushed to the next generation—we need to  now.  
"If anybody still wants to dispute the science around climate change, have at it. You’ll be pretty lonely." —President Obama 
Global action on climate change is happening—show your support today    
We have the responsibility to lead on climate change.   
"America is every immigrant and entrepreneur, from Boston to Austin to Silicon Valley." —President Obama 
"That spirit of discovery is in our DNA. America is Thomas Edison and the Wright Brothers and George Washington Carver." —President Obama
"Workers and start-ups and small businesses need more of a voice, not less." —President Obama 
"Food Stamp recipients didn’t cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did." —President Obama 
"I believe a thriving private sector is the lifeblood of our economy." —President Obama 
"America is about giving everybody willing to work a chance." —President Obama 
"Parties should work together to improve job security." —President Obama 
And counting.  
"Social Security and Medicare are more important than ever. We shouldn’t weaken them, we should strengthen them." —President Obama 
Share the facts.  
"We have to make college affordable for every American." —President Obama  
"We should recruit and support more great teachers for our kids." —President Obama 
"Real opportunity requires every American to get the education and training they need to land a good-paying job." —President Obama 
Students should be able to get an education without taking on decades' worth of student loan debt.  
"Everybody that works hard deserves a fair shot." —President Obama  
"For the past seven years, our goal has been a growing economy that also works better for everybody." —President Obama 
"Our auto industry just had its best year ever." —President Obama 
"More than 14 million new jobs; the strongest two years of job growth since the ‘90s; an unemployment rate cut in half." —President Obama
Middle-class economics works.  
"A basic  the United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world." —President Obama 
Change only happens when you organize.  
 It's just called marriage now.   
"We made change work for us, always extending America’s promise outward, to the next frontier, to more people." —President Obama 
"I want to focus on our future." —President Obama 
President Obama  I’ll keep pushing for progress on immigration, gun violence, equal pay, paid leave, raising the minimum wage. 
"Who knows, we might surprise the cynics again." —President Obama 
"I hope we can work together this year on some bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform." —President Obama 
LIVE  President Obama is delivering his final State of the Union address now.  
Tune in for President Obama's final State of the Union at 9 p.m. ET tonight.   
The stage is set—tune in tonight.   
 This is what change looks like.   
"It’s the last time we’ll do this, but we’re not even close to done working." — Joe Biden on the  
The last seven years have been packed with progress. See how far we've come  
One last time.  
Tonight—it's going to be a good time. Don't miss the State of the Union.   
Get ready for President Obama's final  and add your voice to the conversation   
 "I want us to be able...to say we couldn't think of anything else that we didn't try to do." —  
President Obama's last State of the Union address—it's only a day away.   
 The lowest unemployment rate in 7 years  ✔
14.1 million private-sector jobs added in 70 months  ✔

January 12—don't miss it.   
Another milestone to celebrate for wind power—and plenty of room to grow. 
Tuesday    
"Today, the American auto industry is back." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the incredible progress made in the American auto industry  
Get ready—this one is going to be good.   
Read President Obama's  op-ed on how we all play a part in efforts to help  in America  
ICYMI  Listen to what President Obama said to  supporters on a call about steps forward to  
This doesn't have to be the new normal—join the fight to help   
Happening now  President Obama is speaking to  supporters on how everyone can help  
 LIVE  President Obama is speaking to OFA supporters about the path forward on gun violence prevention. Listen in. 
The December jobs report shows big gains in employment and higher wages for American workers. Read more  
 the news  2014-2015 marked the strongest two-year stretch of job growth since 1998-2000.  
The economy added 292,000 jobs in December—a record-breaking 70 consecutive months of private-sector job growth.
 Obama  The NRA used to support more background checks. We've looked at this before.  
If you agree with common-sense steps to help curb gun violence, add your name   
 If a child can’t open a bottle of aspirin, we should make sure they can’t pull the trigger on a gun.  
Don't miss President Obama's town hall event on how to  in America—tune in at 8 p.m. ET on  
 Enrollment numbers in 2015  ⬆
Number of young people signing up for  ⬆

Almost time for President Obama's last  the conversation   
Watch what President Obama has to say about his final  
Don't miss this    
 We know we can’t stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one?  
Twelve more months of progress to go—say you'll tune in   
Read how President Obama's common-sense actions could help  in America  
Congress can—and should—take action to help  Add your name if you agree  
 Steps announced by  today to  will protect communities &amp; strengthen our nation's security.  I applaud …
"The constant excuses for inaction no longer do." —President Obama  
 33 Americans are murdered w/ a gun every day. And Congress has done nothing. Today’s responsible actions by  will …
 President  thank you for standing up and using your power to do what you can to help SAVE LIVES more lives. 
 In light of all that was experienced in 2015  shouldn't even be a question amongst US citizens. Been saying …
 Thank you  for a dash of common sense on guns. 
 Thank you  for taking these steps to make us ALL safer.  
 Let's go. We can   
President Obama's common-sense actions will help  Now Congress needs to step up. 
Add your name if you think it's time for Congress to stand up to the gun lobby and help  
 "All of us need to demand a Congress brave enough to stand up to the gun lobby’s lies." — 
 "Fort Hood
Binghamton
Aurora
Oak Creek
Newtown
The Navy Yard
Santa Barbara
Charleston
San Bernardino
Too many."
—

LIVE  President Obama is talking about how to make our communities safer by reducing gun violence in America. 
Tune in at 11 40 a.m. ET to watch President Obama announce steps to help  
 BREAKING   is taking new commonsense steps to help  →  
This is it—President Obama's final  Say you'll be watching   
 "Change, as always, is going to take all of us." — on working to  
Start the new year off the right way and  now   
"We know that we can’t stop every act of violence. But what if we tried to stop even one?" —President Obama 
Hello, 2016. 
Ring in the new year with the one you love. 
FINAL CALL  Help make 2016 a year full of progress. Chip in today.  
You don't want to miss this. Say you'll tune in for President Obama's final   
LAST CALL  You could be going on a seven-day cruise to Alaska—but only if you enter today.  
Thinking of ways you can help out over the next year? Look no further   
DEADLINE  Chip in to help fund the fight for more progress in 2016. 
You and a friend could be heading north. Enter now to win a cruise to Alaska   
TONIGHT  Come in with the clutch contribution before the deadline.  
 Go behind the scenes of  Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee with special guest, 

Global climate action became a reality this year—keep the progress going in 2016   
Chip in to help gear up for the big fights in 2016   
Here's your chance to get lost in the beauty of the Last Frontier state   
Get ready—the deadline to pitch in before the new year is right around the corner.  
In 31 states, people can still be fired because of who they love. Help change that in 2016   
Seven down, one more to go. Make sure you tune in for President Obama's last   
Have you entered yet? You and a friend could win a trip to Alaska   
Check out five big victories that made 2015 a great year for progress  
Suit up—it's President Obama's final State of the Union. Say you'll tune in   
You can still join the team fighting for progress. Get your contribution in under the wire   
 ICYMI  President Obama stepped up to keep Congress from blocking action on climate change. 
Seeking adventure? Find it in Alaska. Enter  contest today   
Don't miss your chance for the adventure of a lifetime. Enter now—and you and a friend could be headed to Alaska  
This year was full of progress. But there's more work to do in 2016—and you can help   
"Merry Christmas, everybody!" —President Obama 
Merry Christmas, and happy holidays to you and yours—big or small. 
Beautiful mountain tops. Huge glaciers. And polar bears—see them all in Alaska.  
 Proud to team up with  in the fight to  in America. Learn more here  

 Watch the world come together to  and protect the one planet we've got → 

Here's one way to help make 2016 a year of action  
Time to check this one off your bucket list   
2015 has been a great year for progress—but there's still more work to do. 
Get your donation in before the door closes   
Here's your chance to take in this view for yourself   
Find out how  organizers are gearing up to  in their communities—and how you can support this work  
This grassroots movement is going full speed ahead into 2016. Help keep up the momentum   
Get your binoculars ready. Enter for your chance at an   
2015 will likely be the hottest year ever recorded.  
Become an  Champion, and cheer on the movement fighting for lasting change   
Enter now, and you and a friend could win a seven-day cruise to Alaska   
"The number one reason I’m optimistic going into 2016  It's you—the American people." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama gives a roundup of the top ten things that happened in 2015. Watch  
Stand on the deck. Take in the beauty. Repeat. 
Enter to win a seven-day cruise to Alaska   
 "Our early investments in clean energy ignited a clean energy industry." —  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking in the Brady Press Briefing Room. 
Tune in at 1 50 p.m. ET to watch as President Obama holds a news conference. 
 Love is love in America. 

Lend a hand—chip in to show your support for this grassroots movement.  
Bucket list 
Go on a cruise ✔
Travel to Alaska ✔
Whale watching in the Arctic ✔

Enter   
This grassroots movement is aiming high for 2016. You can help by pitching in   
What are you waiting for? Here's your chance for an Alaskan adventure   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at the National Counterterrorism Center. 
Tune in at 12 15 a.m. ET to watch President Obama deliver a statement. 
Good news  You have two extra days to  for the new year.  
This is your chance for an adventure. Don't miss it   
The  gives us the chance to secure a healthier, more prosperous future for the next generation. 
After years of effort by the U.S., nearly every country in the world came together to stand  
Want to take in this view? Enter now for your chance   
DEADLINE  If you want coverage to start off 2016, make sure to check out your options today.  
Thanks to American leadership, countries around the world are standing  
"I believe this moment can be a turning point for the world." —President Obama on the  
A trip to Alaska could be great motivation to join the fight to  Enter now   
LIVE  President Obama is speaking at a naturalization ceremony at the National Archives. 
"America, this will change—but only when we stand up, together, and demand it." —President Obama  
LIVE  President Obama is delivering a statement at the Pentagon. 
Tune in at 12 25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak at the Pentagon  
Say you stand with countries around the world who are  your name   
 Watch  speak at 5 30pm ET on the historic  →   
This is huge  Almost every country in the world just signed on to the  on climate change—thanks to American leadership.
Congress still hasn't passed a budget, and time's running out. Read why  supporters are saying  
8 out of 10 uninsured Americans may qualify for financial help. See if you're one of them   
Start the new year off right    
Climate action at the local level is key in pushing the conversation forward. Read the latest from Wisconsin  
Enroll by December 15th and you'll ring in the new year with the security of health insurance   
WATCH  President Obama tells a room full of organizers to continue the fight on climate change.  
Nations from around the world are coming together to  Join millions calling for real progress  
 if you agree 
Every child,
regardless of
race,
income,
or zip code,
deserves a shot at a great education.  
LIVE  President Obama is speaking about education and signing the Every Student Succeeds Act.  
 If you think ending gun violence in America is an impossible dream, you need to see this.

We CAN  
With American leadership, more than 180 nations have committed to tackling climate change.  
The world is  It's time to act. 
 "We betray the efforts of the past if we fail to push back against bigotry in all its forms." —  
LIVE  President Obama is delivering remarks at an event marking the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment. 
Tune in at 11 50 a.m. ET to watch President Obama commemorate the 150th anniversary of the 13th Amendment  
Show your support for common-sense gun safety laws like closing the No-Fly List loophole   
Closing the No-Fly List loophole is a no-brainer.  
Hundreds of nations are coming together to stand  you can join the conversation  
The world is  time for climate change deniers in Congress to get on board. 
The world is standing  It's time to act. 
Congress needs to close the No-Fly List loophole—add your name if you agree   
Congress can  about this. 
 Here's what Congress should do  now to make it harder for people to buy assault weapons   
LIVE  President Obama is addressing the nation on the threat of terrorism and keeping the American people safe. 
Tune in at 8 p.m. ET to watch President Obama address the nation on keeping the American people safe  
"Here in America it’s way too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on a gun." —President Obama 
