I loved the time I got to spend with  And he didn’t call me a pinhead. 
The trailer for “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them” is premiering on ellentube.  you’re welcome to come over &amp; watch w/ us
Happy birthday, Will Smith! I hope you’re celebrating it doing what you do best — protecting us from aliens.
It’s Punctuation! Day
I’m live on  in 15 minutes! If you play your cards right, you could be done with your holiday shopping in the next hour.
My  holiday special is LIVE at 6pm PT! But you can check out the wonderful items we’ll be showing you right now. 
I think we found a winner. 
I’m gonna be live on  tonight, starting at 6pm PT! I hope you’re ready to be put in the holiday spirit.
Happy birthday, Bruce  My staff loves you so much, I call them the E Street Band. Also, when are you coming to my show?
This kid is a cutie. He showed me how to cook in his puttu kutti. 
Who knew it would be Shiney Hiney Week?  
We can all agree it’s an important election. Now you can register to vote with a text message. Make it count. Text HELLO to 384387
You can’t believe what these guys can do with $1K.    
Happy   
Me in  That was easy. 
Werk, werk, werk, werk, werk. 
Imagine losing your home in Katrina. Then again in Baton Rouge, and still being able to smile. I love these sisters. 
If you're on  and  and see one of my emojis, you could win a trip to my showji! Seriousji.
Kate Hudson and I got in bed together.  
I was looking for Dory. I found someone else. 
. cleared up the rumors about if she’s in the next Star Wars movie. 
. went behind my back to make this Shiney Hiney infomercial. She also went behind her back. 
Senator and Vice Presidential candidate  was here with his harmonica. 
I’m celebrating  today. I hope for it every day. 
Here it is! The very first episode of  I love it.   
I had a very special guest drop by with big news about  You’ll never guess who it was. 
OMG I'm not gonna be able to sleep 
When the Dalai Lama and Archbishop Desmond Tutu write a book, you gotta read it and  
We're available Friday for rehearsal. Call our people. 
Blonde hair don’t care. 
She fell asleep wearing a face peel and woke up an internet celebrity. 
This bar saves lives. This lady loves it.  
. just proved why he’s one of the 25 sexiest celebrities. 
 just proved why he’s one of the 25 sexiest celebrities. 
Try unseeing this.  
My co-host  and I decided to Spice up our lives. 
I guess between these photos he learned how to read. 
Here’s a Big Bang for ya—The Big Bang Theory premieres tonight and my Big Bang Theory  deck is here now! 
I met Malala last year. I was moved by her. Please join  movement for  
Welcome to Instagram,  We were NOT on there looking at your wife. 
It’s boot season.  
Watch my show and you could win a Carnival cruise!   
The  were so much fun this year. Great job, 
I played 5 Second Rule with  If you have 5 seconds, you should watch. 
Please meet Young Dylan—the most adorable rapper your eyes have ever seen. 
Andy Zenor was on the red carpet at the  with lots of the biggest stars, and lots of alcohol. 
. you are brilliant. I hope next season we get to meet Mrs. Robot. 
. you look wonderful, your performance was wonderful, you are wonderful.
Julia Louis Dreyfus, I love you.  
Kate McKinnon! I'm so happy for you. You deserve it and so much more. And not just because you thanked me. 
Good luck tonight,   
It’s time for the  And my show is on the red carpet right now on Snapchat. 
Happy Wife Appreciation Day! 
 Hip Hop  The one teacher who's cool with all the
 bad kids
😂😂😂  
These two are adorable. I’m not saying they look like each other. Any similarities are irrelephant. 
I love you guys, and I ain't lion. 
. told me about keeping the romance alive in his marriage. 
Scary Underwood.  
I took a selfie for  and  Here’s my naked selfie! Wait a minute.  
I had no idea  could do the chicken dance. Neither did she.  
The new gym  built for Spain Elementary in Detroit looks amazing. All it needs now are some Lions. 
OMG.  loves Vaseline. 
Happy birthday, Amy Poehler and  Have the Jonas Brothers ever met the Maharelle Sisters?
Girl, that tile brings out your eyes. 
Happy   Thank you for not killing my head writer.  
    
I’m preparing  for hosting the  
Thank you. We are very proud of how we light them. 
One of my favorite kids, Macey, went on a  to endorse a presidential nominee.  
. Yeah we do. 
The iPhone has a cool new way to use my  Get it    
Thursday is ab day. 
This was one of my favorite performances.    
You know that game Who'd You Rather? From now on, I only wanna play it like this. ♥️  &amp;  
You are so amazing,  America picked right. See you next week on my show. 
Happy birthday, Prince Harry! Have you met my audience producer, Claudia? 
Nobody Ushes like you do. 
Tomorrow, things are about to get crazy.    
It airs tomorrow. Keep your shirts on. (Not you, Scott) 
Twins. 
. I cropped you out because you were wearing this. 
Watch  literally blow your mind at our new game.  
Who’s ready to play DoubleDown?  
. loves talking about Mac Miller. 
While she was here,  Michelle Obama and I cracked open a box of wine at CVS.  
He was my friend first! 
A lot of people get a little blue on their birthdays.  
This was one of my favorite days ever. 
Things just got a whole lot darker. 
. helped  throw some shade at her husband.  
The First Lady is my co-host today, or as I call her now, Shelly. 
It's gonna be a good day. 
All I need is a baby wide receiver, and I’m ready for a game. 
. told me about his suspension from swimming.  
The video of Jeffrey reuniting with his mother has over 60 million views. Wait ’til you see what happens next. 
This is the most fun I've ever had with emojis.  Thanks for the TVs, TCL!  
. is so gangsta. 
. sending you lots of love, healthy energy, and an edible arrangement.
New York, I love you.
My DJ  must be a piñata, because every day I hit on him. 
It’s almost time to Stand Up To Cancer. Go turn on your TV. Sit down. Stand Up.  
Louisiana's my home state. This story, like so many, touched my heart. Thank you  for this amazing moment 
Happy birthday,  I love you so much, it’s scary. 
She's only 2 years old, but Violet is about to sing your socks off. 
They’re so cute, I can’t bear it. 
This is one of the biggest donations in my show’s history. I love you, Louisiana.  
It’s gonna be a great day. The sun is shining,  is cohosting next week, and a burrito fell through my sunroof.
What if Dory met Woody?   
Magic Mike, Toddler Edition. 
Please enjoy some Magic Michelle outtakes. 
You're supposed to put them on your feet. 
I gave everyone in my audience a download of  You might find yours right here. 
. is so pregnant, it's a scandal. Check out    
 Don't miss these happy tears today! 😭❤️😭 
Happy birthday,  You’re F perfect.
Are you excited for the new iPhone?? I can’t hear you! I can’t HEAR YOU!! Sorry, I think my  aren’t working. 
This is one of the most emotional segments to ever happen on my show. Thank you,   
Happy birthday,  You make 62 look incredible. Too bad you're 53.
I thought you had the night shift. 
I shot hoops with   
I talked to Jared and Caila from  I also talked to Ashley, who may or may not cry. 
. is a huge celebrity. So I took her to the mall to start acting like lit.  
 Hey  only two months away from Nov 8th so there is something I need to ask........  
 Not sure who’s more hyped, my  guys b/c they’re on  today or me meeting  
Some people celebrate the  with streamers and confetti. Others with chocolate pudding. 
If you loved seeing  dancers on my show today, you can get tickets to see them live right here! 
Hey LA! You ready for Season 14 of my show? Good, because it’s about to start! You can shop for reclaimed wood on Etsy later. 
. had a big surprise for these amazing nurses. They did not see this coming.  
Season 14 starts today. I’m so excited, I can’t sit down.  
. just triple backflipped with a half twist onto my show.  
I found a great display case for Olympic champion   
The  is tomorrow! 
Here's my Labor Day role model. 
Season 14 is gonna be like Season 13, but at a special time.  
There’s no better Labor Day plan than seeing  It’s back in theaters! Go see it. I sound even more beautiful the second time.
Look who surprised everyone on my season premiere?  
Did you see  again this weekend? Did you love it as much the second time? I’m fishing for compliments.
.  was on my show when he was fighting cancer. Today he scored a touchdown in his first game back. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
3 more days!  
I may have a new favorite Ninja Warrior,  
 back for 1 week! This may be your last time to see it on the big screen! I don’t mean to scare you, but I tell it like it is.
Can you guess what this is?   
Chillin’ on Friday in my Ellen gear, just waiting for the Season 14 Premiere.  
These young men make me happy.   
 is back in theaters tomorrow! If you didnt see it the first time (you were stranded on a deserted island?) this is your chance!
 to my first show. 
Season 14 starts in 5 days! 
Introducing Magic Michelle.  Week starts September 6th.  
I said I would do it. I did it. 
 I’m making this an emoji. Like right now. 
I'm so excited for Season 14. 6 more days...  
You are a good guy,  
Premiere Week is 6 days away.  
I don't know whodunit, but they already dusted for fingerprints. 
I'm excited for Nick to be  but to be honest, I was hoping it would be Drake.
I think it’s safe to say I have never seen that many abs in one sitting. 
I’m making this an emoji. Like, right now. 
What’s your favorite  so far? So far today, mine is... 
It all starts next Tuesday. I hope you’re ready.  
What’s your favorite  so far? Do you know what this one means? 
Yes. Of course, she's gonna be on my show. 
Season 14 starts next week! Premiere Week is gonna be ca-razy.  
One more week until Channing shows off his Tatum on my show.   


Britney’s here next week! 
The Running Man Challenge boys are on the red carpet of the  with my Snapchat and Instagram right now.
Tell me you've heard  new album  is out today. If not, we may have to go door to door...again. 
My season premiere is 11 days away. Get ready to LOL.

I’ve got your new back-to-school look right here.  
Find emojis on  &amp;  You could win a trip to a 12 Days show. Break a leg 
Happy  doggone it! 
I had a lot of fun inventing the emojis for  Can ya guess what this one means? 
Happy birthday,  
Adorable. 
If you haven’t downloaded my new app  yet, here’s what you’re missing.

Today is gonna be epic. 
Apple   
Android   
This is kindness. 
OMG. Emoji. 
Apple  
Android   
. you are beautiful &amp; talented &amp; bring laughter into a world that desperately needs it. You are also my friend &amp; I support you.
Just call me Glory. 
Happiness is a shaggy dog. 
We are with you, Italy. 
 
 Dive into the story of  with director  and voice of Dory, 

I grew up in Louisiana. It’s heartbreaking to see these families lose their homes. If you can, text LAFLOODS to 90999 to donate $10.
Who hasn’t started a Tuesday face down in some Bisquick? 
Introducing Pampers Climbers. 
Portia and I had a great weekend in the pool. Long story short, I think we’ll be ready for a synchronized swimming duet in 2020. 
HBD  I did a lot of carpool karaoke-ing this weekend. You would have loved it. The people in my UberPOOL weren’t as delighted.
2 more weeks!  
The only thing better than this would be if the  cast were playing a Game of Thrones version of  
I hope this is how I celebrate my 100th birthday!  
Happy birthday,  This is for you. 
Happy birthday,  I hope  got you some balloons. 
"Get me to Bob Hope Airport, and don’t take the 405." 
In honor of the Olympics,  to when I used to really work out.

I love a sloth with backup dancers.  
Happy  
Hey Matt Damon, let your man bun down. 
Peekaboo.  
It’s been a brutal summer of fires in California. I send my love to the people losing their homes and to all the amazing firefighters.
I’m ready to officiate the wedding. Is next Thursday good for you? 
Happee birthday, Kathie Lee. 
Happy birthday,  and  I’m celebrating by acting like a 40-year-old virgin.
Anyone else ready for a snack?

Best thing I ever did.   
Louisiana, I love you. Text LAFLOODS to 90999 to make a $10 donation through the American  
I am highly aware of the racism that exists in our country. It is the furthest thing from who I am.
  
Heres something you dont see very often- losing a race. This was 1 of my favorite moments from last season 
This is how I’m running errands from now on.  
My baby girl  wrote a book. “The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo.” Get it here. 
The trailer for  is here! I’m so happy these figures aren’t hidden anymore.

Happy birthday,   and Jennifer Lawrence! I hope you all enjoy some cake by the ocean together.
Greatest Audience Members of All Time  
Climb every mountain. Slide down every hill. 
This is why there is a  
At 4’8”  is 1 of the strongest people. Don’t let anyone say what you can’t do. Take their criticism &amp; turn it to gold 
 you gotta grow vegetables. 
My friend Matthew Wilder wrote the hit "Break My Stride." Check out his new video. It has a great message. 
There’s a lot going on in the world right now. I thought you could use this photo of a Weiner dog.  
 to the original Pete’s Dragon. 
I would love to, but  is using my plane. 
Happy birthday,  Your body is a wonderland.
I can’t help but feel completely responsible for this. 
On second thought, I should’ve had him hang that somewhere else. 
I don’t know which one of them is charging, but they should raise their price. 
In honor of  and  
Fu and I found out about her medal at the same time.  
First Olympic marriage proposal   
Peace. 
Hapb birthday, 
 
I just got these  from my friend  Not sure what they say. I think it's "dry clean only.” 
We still got it.  
Even the dogs know how bad an idea this was. 
 
Potato Peeler 
Inmate
Exotic Dancer
Astronaut 
Exotic Dancer
Comedian 
Talk Show Host
Augie and Kid celebrated  Charlie was unimpressed. 
George loves the Olympics.  
I love the Olympics  It reminds me of that time I had to run to the creek when my sleeve caught on fire.
We are more alike than we are unalike. 
 
Happy  
Mo’ sisters. Mo’ problems. 
Happy birthday, President  This year you get to move on and pursue your true passion... being my guest DJ.
Who doesn’t love adorable flour girls? 
You dont have to be in Rio to show off your Olympic talent. Check out the Act It Out for the GOLD category  
HBD  I wanna bake ya a cake. Any tips? Let's bake together! Or you bake&amp; I help. I’ll watch. You bake it&amp; tell me how it goes
Scientists found there may not be as many benefits to flossing as we thought. Guess none of them have ever been to a party with spinach dip.
This season of  is gonna be bananas. 
This face cream really works. He doesn’t look a day over 1. 
Ellie Kemper had a baby boy! No word on the name yet, so I picked one. Welcome to the world, Patchoulli Ripcord Kemper!
This photo is very tongue on cheek. 
Thanks to everyone who voted me   and everyone who tweeted  I assume I'm the her.
Happy birthday to the wonderful  If I know you, you’re out painting the town. Wait, it’s 5 o’clock? You’re sound asleep.
When there are no ceilings, the sky's the limit. Beautiful speech,  I'm ready.
 is premiering in the UK today! Go see it! Tell me if I have a British accent!
Happy  
Somebody make this an emoji. 
Catnap. 
One of my viewers, Jennifer, won $25K from Mattress Firm just for watching my show! Jennifer, if you read this, DM me. We should do lunch.
I love this interview I did for BBC Radio.  opens in the UK this Friday. Mic drop. 
Have either of you seen my blue pen? 
I hope you’re ready for Fall.  
Chase, I love you. I am so disappointed in Jojo. 
Olaf! 
It’s  pet adoption day! If you have a rescue pet, I wanna see a photo of ‘em. Right here, right now.
I guess I’ll just have to eat my alcohol bananas. 
I hope these people have a happy birthday today! Who are –   and Alex Trebek.
I'm so proud of the  for standing up for what's right. Incredible. 
Happy  I’ve never been good at pottery. 
Do you have a Pinot Noir? How about a tabby? 
Lucy always helped Bruno keep his chin up. 
Lightly coat in flour… 
Faster! Faster! 
ED by Ellen now has sunglasses! That’s right. I’m throwing shades. 
I’ll get my bowl. 
Another reason why I’m inspired by my friend Jennifer Aniston. 
"Can you describe it?" 
Apparently, it’s an episode where we share brunch. 
Had to look for a long time for this one. 
Who wants $25K? If you just said, “ME!” I have bad news. It’s “I”. But you could still win, thanks to  
Who could forget my favorite cover of ELLE? Happy early   
Congrats to the  honorees. All hail  And  And  And Salt. And of course, Pepa.
Yoo-hoo! Down here! 
Happy birthday to my fellow CoverGirl,  She’s breezy. I’m easy.
Happy birthday,  I love you.
Congratulations,  This tweet is just in case you couldn't hear me scream it from the stands. 
I second that emotion. 
I'm nominated for a  Award for  Vote for me right here   Whatever you do, Just keep voting.
Happy  
Every breath you take, I’ll be watching you. 
Love. 
Now I know why my grandma had plastic on all of her furniture. 
. I love you! 
1 viewer this week is gonna win $25K from  If you’re not on vacation now, you sure could be after that 
Someone should put this on a coin. 
Happy  Did ya know the flag has a stripe for each original colony? And a star for every alien Will Smith has protected us from
Check out "Have a Little Fun Today"! Nothing more American than a 3day wknd playing a slot machine game on yer phone 
I hope your weekend is as All-American as these photos. 
I’d be jealous of that tank top, too. 
Did ya know you can play  w/ your kids? Check out the  deck in Heads Up Kids! 
Happy  
ED by Ellen is one year old! Thank you for making it such a success. 
 
Strength! No weakness! Get ready for Demarjay’s new video. 
I think the bathtub is looking at me. 
Someone watching my show this week is gonna win a Whale of a Prize from  It could be you!  
"We made you breakfast on floor!" 
Happy birthday,  Sending love to you and your husband, Kyle. Kyle - I hope you tickler.
Dog face is the new duck face. 
Happy birthday,  Please give a big hug to everyone in your family for me. Right now. I’ll wait.
Congrats to my friend  and her wife  who are the parents of twins! Hello twins. Goodbye sleeping thru the night
Happy birthday to the hilarious  I hope it’s as golden as your underwear. 
If you love dogs like I do, you’ll get this song by Diane Warren &amp;    
From now on, that’s the cat’s side. 
Happy Take Your Dog to Work Day! I take my dog to work every day. Except Thursdays. That’s his carpool day.
Happy birthday,  and  This is also my favorite new tongue-twister.
You’re the one that I want. Happy  
Thank you  for helping.   
I loved  when she was on the show this year. And I loved her all over again on  
Happy birthday,  You’re amrazing.
Happy Pride Month! 🌈 
With great art, it’s hard to tell where the artwork ends and the artist begins. 
 Wedding Edition 
Happy birthday, Meryl Streep! Whatever you do today, I hope you do it Meryly.
This.     
Adoryble. 
Happy birthday,  ! Sending love to you, Anna, Jack, Gamora, Rocket, Groot and the velociraptors.
. is joining Snapchat today! I sent the Running Man Challenge boys to help. You can watch it all on my Snapchat!
I love this, from Frank Ocean. 
There’s a new Pretty Little Liars deck in  I ain’t lyin’. Go check it out. 
Osh Kosh bygosh I forgot the rest of my clothes. 
Backstage at the ED by Ellen photoshoot.

Have you seen the Whale Word on my show? If you did, you could win a whale of a prize from Mattress Firm! 
It’s 108 degrees in L.A. today. Here’s a quick shot out of my window. 
Happy birthday, Nicole Kidman! I hope  makes breakfast in bed and sings to you. It was wonderful when he did it for us last week.
 That moment when your food arrives…  
There are 50 Dorys hidden all over  and  How many have you found? 
Happy   
. and the Golden State  are an amazing team who had a historic, inspiring season this year. 
Such an incredible basketball game! Congrats  and congrats to the whole city of Cleveland.  
Happy  To celebrate, here’s a dad joke. Did you hear about the new corduroy pillows? They’re making headlines.
Have you seen  yet? Did you see the secret ending? Oops. Never mind. Ignore this tweet.
. has another super delegate! Welcome to the world, Aiden Clinton Mezvinsky!
I’ve been waiting a long time for this day.  is in theaters. Go see it. If you can’t go today, there’s always another way.
I designed this for  Profits go to Orlando families. However you do it, give love  
Thank you for these powerful words  They are full of bravery and love. 
Prepare to be amazed.  
Tomorrow! 

Ty Burrell and I are both fluent in Whale.   
What the world needs now is love, sweet love. 
This family knows what love is all about. So, I gave them something they love a whole lot.  
Happy birthday    &amp;  I think it’s time we get our Fleetwood Mac cover band back together.
My boyfriend Tayt’s back with a behind-the-scenes tour at Pixar.   
48 more hours. 

Somebody’s getting ready.  opens in 3 days! 
I hid a bunch of Dorys all over ellentube&amp;ellentv. Find em &amp; you could win a trip to 12 Days  
Watch this. 
Be Kind To One Another 
The cast of  (including me) is on  tonight! Swim on over to your DVR immediately.
My movie  is opening this weekend. It's about love &amp; family, &amp; I’m talking about it on my show this week 
Christina Grimmie was a talented young woman with so much ahead of her. I’m sending love to her family and fans. 
Speaking of love, I love this. 
My heart is heavy today, but I still believe in love. There’s more love than hate in this world. 
Sobbing.
6 more days! 6 more days! 6 more days! 6! More! Days! 
HuuuuuAAAAAAAAPPPPPeeeeeeeee SPEEEEEEEEEoooooooooEEEEEEEK LAAAAeeek a WheeeeeAAAAAAyyyyylllll DAAAaaaaYYY!  
Flour boy. 
If you’re standing in line right now, I have great news. You can play the Disney Parks deck in Heads Up! 
1 wk til  A wk from now you'll be in a theater calling in sick tryin not to make noise w/ your jujubees

If you’ve got great summer photos, I wanna see ‘em! Send ‘em to me right here.  
Today, I’m deciding some of the all-time best moments of Season 13! If you ask me, it’s a pretty lucky season. 
I know that dog’s around here somewhere. 
Happy  
Wanna have a little fun today? Play “Have a Little Fun Today” casino game in the DoubleDown app, &amp; you surely will. 
8 days until  That gives you plenty of time to get a tattoo, paint your house, hire a skywriter… however you want to prepare.
We’re live on Snapchat at the  premiere RIGHT NOW. 
9 more days until  I’ve waited 13 years. I started counting 4,744 days ago. I can make it another 9.
This is the kind of effort I’m looking for.  
It’s krazy how much fun I’ve had w/ the Kardashians. Today, Khloé’s w/ me to look at our favorites in the kollection 
I’m at Google with the cast of  You can watch me in 360 degrees! My best degree is 239. 
Happy birthday,  I love you as much as you do.
I've never been prouder to have a woman card. 
This photo really gets my goat. 
Today’s show is filled w/ some of the most inspiring people I met all year. If this show doesn’t make you feel good, I don’t know what will.
Ellie Kemper is adorable and hilarious and wonderful. That’s why I asked her to co-host my show today. 
Today is Prince’s birthday. I loved him and still love him.  
Happy birthday,  You are one of the fanciest people out there. Obviously, you already know.
You know what they say... after a while, pets start to look like their cake. 
I hope you’re ready for tomorrow, California. And if you’re not, go right here. 
This little girl who dressed as a hot dog on Princess Day is officially my favorite princess.  
Happy Russian Language Day! Vodka! Babushka! Cosmonaut!
Thanks,  for co-hosting with me today. You are the co-host with the mo-host.  
It's the last day to win a years supply of Huggies diapers. Your baby will thank you. I really hope you have a baby. 
Firefighters and rescue teams from all over California are in Calabasas today. Unsung heroes is what they are. 
Sending thanks to Portia's brother Michael &amp; all the rescue workers on the scene of this dangerous fire in Calabasas 
This is Lauren and Fluffernutter. No word on which is which. 
The sale of ivory is now illegal in the US. Thank you,  Love, me and the elephants. 
There are 7 billion people on this Earth. What makes you  
Anyone else feel like this today?   
Thank you for doing it. We will take  anytime 
I don’t know what your plans are tonight, but they should be watching Quincy Jones’ comedy special on HBO.
Support this family who lost their dad in the UCLA shooting. Let’s show 'em there’s more love than hate in the world 
Brielle told me she went to Build-A-Bear to build her own blue tang like Dory. At least I think that’s what she said 
In honor of the French Open.  
Happy  Day! 

There’s no one better to help me host the best of  than my friend    
That’s sweet, but why read the book when you can see the movie out June 17th? 
If you love Macey Hensley as much as I do, do NOT miss my show today. 
Enter to win $10K and an  car seat right here. Everyone can enter — Carla, Lucy, Maurice, even Flo. 
Today is  and the  even gave me a bib, which is good because I’m such a sloppy runner. 
Happy birthday   and Morgan Freeman! I’m in love with your voice, your body, and your sense of humor. In that order.
Happy to hear the lockdown appears to be over. Sending my love to everyone at UCLA today.
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes.   
Looks like there's another party I'd vote for.  

They don’t call ‘em teacup Puggles for nothin’. 
This kid is about to blow your mind.  
. just called me a long list of things right to my face. 
Happy birthday Colin Farrell and Clint Eastwood! Together you’re 126! You look incredible.
Its Tuesday! But feels like Monday! But then Friday will feel like Thursday but it'll really be Friday. Thats what they call quantum physics
 
  
Well, now I'm a fan of yours too  Good luck in the 
I love when he’s the big spoon. 
Please give what you can. We didn't get Bill Gates to say "on" for nothing.  
Happy  
You guys,  Ferguson doesn’t know what he’s selling. 
The  special is live on NBC tonight. Tell your friends, your family, and anyone who doesn’t nose. 
Circle is a great new way to make the Internet safe for your whole family. My cats keep joining Tinder. 
Moms have the hardest job in the world. 
Whatever you do today, I hope you make time to tell someone you love them. And to eat a cake wearing a tiny hat. 
The Ellen Shop is having a big Memorial Day sale! I hope you don’t forget. 
Kate McKinnon impersonated me and  in front of me and Hillary Clinton. 
I played Heads Up! w/ 4 of the funniest people on Earth–also known as the  cast  
I played “Who’d You Rather?” with  Talking about her VP, of course. 
All of the  are on my show today. It’s a great day. As long as you’re not a ghost. 
I’ll get right on top of that. 
Woman Cards accepted here. 
Do you like my show? Do you like free money? This is the perfect opportunity for you. 
When life handed Pearl lemons, they made lemonade. 
First these two created the  now they’re running the red carpet. 
Here it is! Exclusive, the new trailer!  
. is cancer-free! Sending so much love to him and his family. What amazing news.
. told me about the beautiful music he’s making with  They’re also writing songs. 
Is that what I look like?!?! 
My whole audience got a trip to Dubai, thanks to  Seriously. 
I don’t know how this audience member got here, but I know how she’s getting home. 
I had a big surprise for Brian &amp; Jackson. So did  This is guaranteed to make you smile. 
Here's a very first look at the cast of  The new trailer is out tomorrow!

Knock ‘em dead tonight,  I’ll see ya on my show tomorrow. 
My friends who created  are takin over my snapchat on  red carpet tmrw in Vegas. Oh, they also have some extra tix
This is unforgettable.  
I sent my writer Lauren to swim with sharks. I’ve been telling her forever she’s my good chum. 
I can’t believe it. Cher’s birthday was yesterday. Happy birthday. If I could turn back time.
Mug for the camera. 
My Ellen Shop products are on Amazon! Order some and have a drone fly it to you. 
OMG Johnny Depp is the coolest! 
Do you look like your pet? If so, you could win the new contest in Chosen! Download the app!  
Check out my first 360° video. The future is here.

I dance so good it’s scary. Right,  
My whole audience sang happy birthday to my mama!

. told me the name of the new show —  Gilmore Girls  A Year In The Life! 
Happy  
It’s hard to remember the rules when  around.  
I love this little boy so much.  
If you're watching my show, I hope it's on a  Roku 4K TV. If not, you can get 'em at Target! 
. had a lot to say on my show. Like, a lot.  
I never know what my friend  is going to say or do on my show, but I always love it when he’s here.
I guess her uncle is on Tinder. 
I scared  and boy, did he jump(man).  
This was the most incredible round of Hot Hands ever played. Incredible.  
This little gymnast wowed my audience, but I knew there was only one thing that would wow her — her dad. 
Happy birthday, Tina Fey! You’re very funny and very smart. You’re smunny.
I played Never Have I Ever w/  &amp;  There’s not a lot they’ve never ever done  
Me and my boo thangs. (That means friends, right?)  
 Make a meme of this photo &amp; post w/ the hashtag. If I show it on my show, I’ll send you some underwear! 
Congratulations Army Secretary Eric Fanning, the first openly gay leader of a US military service. 5 years &amp; we're already running the place
 
I just can’t believe how talented these kids are.    
Shutterfly has given away over 5 million dollars on my show. Today, they have some for you. 
Bill Hader is here today! He's hilarious. Hader's gonna hade.  
I love playing with Colin Farrell… you heard me!  
I love my friends  Here’s why.  
I had a big surprise for some of my favorite people, thanks to  Things didn’t go the way we'd hoped.

The entire cast of Ghostbusters is here next week and now  is coming, too! Get your Woman Cards ready.
. has something to show me tomorrow. OMJ! I hope it’s not in a box.
Kym Douglas has some tips for summer! Summer great. Summer not so great.  
Happy  
. showed off her impressions of    &amp; more. It was insane.  
Happy birthday, Janet! Or, as I call you, Ms. Jackson. 
This girl is so talented. 
I’m pretty sure this is a picture from the Kitty Lee and Hoda show. 
I have my own slot machines in the DoubleDown app. Are you playing yet? 
Hey girl.  knows all about your memes.  
Summer fun is almost here, and to celebrate, I have a new deck in "Heads Up!" from Crocs! The shoe. Not the animal. 
It’s embarrassing how my staff reacted to   
It's  I'm not scared. There are too many real things to be afraid of...like glitter, or if Khaleesi will escape the Dothrakis
In case you missed me in  here it is.  
. showed me the 1st photo of his new baby girl. I think she looks just like him.  
We’ve all been there. 
. helped me with my first installment of Keith Urban Dictionary. 
. told me about his baby, Finding Dory, LIVE with Kelly, &amp; Donald Trump. We had a lot to catch up on. 
I  ❤️ That Cute Little Soap Shop.   
In honor of  being here tomorrow, happy  
The Brielle-iant 4-year-old is back. I hope you’re ready, Internet.  
They have their differences, but they can still see nose to nose. 
You’re welcome.  
. really appreciated Mother’s Day-ish.  
I had a surprise that sent grandma running.  
I can’t help it.   
Sometimes being a big fan really pays off. Thanks, Chevy!  
 
Three dog bowl. 
I continue to hope for a world where everyone is treated with dignity. If you do too, sign here.  
. performed “Work From Home”. I hope none of my staff listens.   
Who’s ready for some more   
This is just like that scene from The Notebook. 
Academy Award winner  told me about important things. Like meeting   
You are  &amp; I love every 1 of you. At least the ones who post videos on ellentube  
Happy birthday, Bono! I hope you’ve found what you’re looking for.
I think it might be physically impossible to get cuter than my friend Violet.  
May 18. 

Sending love to Pittsburgh Panther  on his last round of chemo. We are all thinking of you.

Do you remember being there, or is it all a blur? 
. told me his relationship status. It’s not complicated.  
Happy  
With tuition money up for grabs, the stakes were high. So were the trap doors.  
Only thing better than playing Pie Face w/ a Jonas brother is playing it w/ 2 Jonas brothers  
. looked incredible at the Met Gala. 
Happy Mother’s Day! Yes, it’s today. How fast can you glue macaroni into a bracelet?
"I love my mom (and this onesie) this much." 
Happy Mother’s Day Weekend! 
If I know one thing new moms need, its a margarita. But I’m pretty sure these Huggies will come in handy too. 
I gave these moms-to-be some fantastic gifts and I saved some just for Twitter. Go on. You deserve it. 
I played “Never Have We Ever” with Dax Shepard, Kristen Bell, Mila Kunis &amp; Ashton Kutcher. You’re welcome. 
We ended our Mother’s Day Show by giving the audience a mini-vacation. Want one too? 
Happy birthday, George Clooney! I still have this life-sized doll of you. I call him George Cloney. 
More amazing gifts from my Mother’s Day show. And did I mention you can win them all too? 
The moms in my audience got some huge surprises. Here was the first batch. You can win ‘em too! 
There’s nothing more beautiful than the bond between siblings. 
. showed me her Whip Nae Nae. I'll let you decide how it went.  
It’s a very special day for one very special person — our wonderful  
Happy  and happy birthday  Hola. Soy yo.
I had a big surprise for this mom &amp; her daughter, thanks to my friends at Chevy, but I will NOT tell you what it is. 
I had a very special guest from Britain’s Got Talent. Don’t try this at home. Or at work. Don’t try this anywhere. 
In honor of  being on my show today, happy  
Sending one now. What's your home address? 
I think they’re gonna need another bath.  
My digital team won an Emmy! I’m not sure what it’s for exactly, but I think it has something to do with this tweet.
Here’s the winner of my  You can still vote for your favorite on Chosen. 
Happy  Can’t think of a better way to celebrate than w/ a Star Wars  deck. 

I finally found out what a brokered convention is. 
My friend  is due for a break.  
This boy makes me so happy.  
It’s  So, I thought I’d appreciate these teachers with fifty thousand dollars. 
Holy sheet! My sheets are in Bed Bath &amp; Beyond! And you could win a $250 gift card.  
In one ear and out to the world. 
I saved this for 1 Twitter follower—A $20K dream experience from BUCKiTDREAM. If following me isn’t the dream enough 
The guys who started the  are here! And they’re hilarious.  
Who wants to play the Ellen Card? 

. told me a story about skinny-dipping with Michael Jackson. 
No, Dallas, I said fetch the newspaper! 
I sent Macey Hensley to the George W. Bush Library. You won’t believe who she met there.  
Check out the new  It will make you as happy as this lady.  
Captain America might be ready for a Civil War, but not sure he was ready for this dance war  
Captain America isn’t afraid of anything.  on the other hand…  
Happy birthday to three of the coolest, most physically impressive people I know – Dwayne Johnson, David Beckham &amp; Ellie Kemper.
There’s nothing better than watching someone’s dream come true. Especially when they’re as hilarious as Quincy Jones 
Tanks. You’re welcome. 
Just like you wanted. Breakfast on bed. 
Now you can spin my Wheel of Riches game at home in the DoubleDown Casino app. You can still wear a showgirl outfit 
A surprise guest played Pie Face w/  Give ya a hint—It's not Kelly Kapowski  
I sent Kevin the Cashier to a Chevy dealership. One word  Hilarious.  
The only thing better than giving someone a Chevy Malibu is doing it with these twins.  
Happy  Love, Your Favorite International Dancer.
Putting a little Fall into Spring. 
Happy    
45 dancers, including tWitch and Travis Wall, showed up at my show. Wow!  
I can’t even imagine a better way to spend a day than with the incredible Julia Roberts.  
Never have I ever won a Chevy on national television.  
Brielle has mastered two subjects — science and being adorable.  
Cora may have a future at Tinder. 
. is a tall drink of water. And I think  is thirsty. 
. performed “Boys and Girls” with   
Yes, I have great hair. No, I am not Becky.
Happy byrthday, Dytto.  
Number 24 himself,  is here today.  
Think you have the cutest pet in the world? You don’t because I do! But you can try.  
I was in  ear for this hidden camera prank.  
I got these Administrative Professionals exactly what they wanted on  
Dogs on a La-Z-Boy. 
Black-ish star  is hilar-ish.  
Honoring Prince. 
 . takes a look back at Prince’s first appearance during her first Season. 
Happy birthday,  You're as charming as you are Channing.
Honoring Prince on my show tomorrow.
Happy  
 Is it a  Because  is here and dancing 
Spoiler Alert   told me about Patrick Dempsey leaving Grey’s Anatomy.  
Being who you are can be the hardest thing in the world. But there’s no greater reward.  
I thought I’d start your Monday with some memes, a mood booster, &amp; of course, gay penguins.  
Happy birthday,  I hope you celebrate with your new little Clarkson and your little Clarkdaughter.
Episode 4 of tWitch &amp; Allison’s Dance Challenge is up! This week, there's double the trouble  
I sent Britton to Britain. You heard me.  
What are you looking at? Haven't you ever heard of a cat stretch? 
I think that baby may have been bitten by a radioactive spider. 
My dogs are gonna love this song. My cats may be indifferent.  
Clint Eastwood may be in his 80s, but he still showed this piñata who's boss.  
I gave my audience some cool stuff for Earth Day. Win it all right here.  
College footballer James Conner was inspired by his hero Eric Berry while in chemo. Today he got to meet his hero. 
Ellie Kemper and I learned the life-changing magic of tidying up.  
A fun family photo for mum’s 90th!   
Prince was brilliant and larger than life. What a sad day.
I got you, boo. 
 Hey, everyone! Last chance to vote for your favorite game! You know you wanna.  
. talked about kissing  Im sure youve never imagined doing that  
THEY SPELLED MY NAME WRONG! 😡😡😡 
 I hope you celebrate with a cake. And some Pringles. And a pizza. And a cupcake. And Oreos. And another cake.
I made  cry today.  
Don’t ask.  
Spelling can be a real beach. 
Get  &amp; take the  It's the Olympics of cute pets.  
. told me about meeting  at a restaurant. I’m sure she was just as excited.  
I’m not sure I’ve ever laughed this hard in my life.  
Happy birthday, Kate Hudson. Did you know they named a river after you?
I sent Ari on a date, and I think this may be the best thing ever.  
Just called in sick so I can watch! 
. daughter just wants what her brothers have. And, believe me, it's not what you think. 
I’ll always be looking out for you. 
I heard  &amp;  baby story. They really commit to a barbecue.  
Happy birthday,  Love, Kousin Karla.
It’s not every day you find a superhero’s wallet.   
  
Happy birthday to the 2nd Nicki Minaj,  I hope you get some extra hype from Rosie today. 
I sent  to the MTV Movie Awards red carpet. Damn, that was a good idea.  
Can’t wait for  on Saturday. I have no idea what it is, but I just bought $30K of stock in lemons. 
Happy  

Happy birthday,  However you want to celebrate, count me in. I’m at your Beckham call. Lololololol
Tonight,  stars in "Confirmation" on HBO! I don't know much about Catholicism, but I'm excited.
Check out this classic crew neck for when you’re hanging with your crew, or you can just wear it when you are alone. 
Shoutout to everyone at  Seriously. Shout out my name right now. The first person wins.
Who wants a piece of us? 
I’m giving away a $300 eBay gift card just because I feel like it. Who’s interested? 
In case anyone was wondering if Kid has been accepted into the family.  
Happy birthday,  and  Or as you might know them, Hermione and Seth Rogen.
What did you do with my mother? 
In honor of  here is a  from the first film. 
DJ  made a movie! “Echo Park” comes out Friday… Friday… Friday… Friday. 
So you're saying I named him? 
. is here. This is huge. Literally.  
The Mother of Dragons sat down with the Duchess of Cat Videos. (that’s me)  
Ellie Kemper’s got a bun in the oven! Congratulations. That’s such fun news. Also, I just heard she’s pregnant.
Episode 3 of tWitch and Allison’s Dance Challenge might be my favorite yet. These kids are insanely talented.

Their video went viral and they're here to tell me about it - before the next zombie apocalypse. 
Our very first selfie. 
Congratulations  &amp;  Remington Alexander is here! I’ll call him Remy for short.
Tonight's  last home game. Score a touchdown for me! 
The broads from Broad City are here! YAS YAS YAS! 
Not everyone can pull off red lipstick. 
People always ask me if I will run for office. My answer?  
Y’all, I’m nominated for a Webby! Can you believe it? That can’t be what they’re really called, right? 
. is here today. He’s an actor, an artist, a lover, a fighter… What was I talking about? 
 THEN &amp; NOW   &amp; me at  presser in 1973;  and  as us, filming now!🎾 htt…
The finale of Mattress She Wrote, brought to you in part by Slapping.   
. is on my show today. No bigs.  
I gotta get in on this nap. 
Did this little girl just call her family a southern hot mess? That settles it. They’re coming on my show. 
Jerrod Carmichael is here to tell me about his new sitcom. He’s hilarious, talented, &amp; sweet  
. is on Tinder. Get in his geographical area.  
Wishing my hometown  luck in the  playoffs  
What do   &amp; mattresses have in common? Well, not much, but you have to see this. 
Haeppy baoirthday, Saoirse Ronan
 Top 10 Reasons I’m Happy It’s Your Birthday  Number 1… (You know what? I’m gonna run outta characters. My bad.)
 if you agree with  Equal pay for equal work should be a fundamental principle of our economy.  
You should send that back. 
You’re right. That mailman does look suspicious. 
He may be deaf, but that hasn’t stopped him from being the front-runner on   
That is not who I was expecting. But he does have some lovely melons. Thanks,   
Hippity hop, hip hip hop!  
Only a few more hours until  airs! 8pm EST on NBC. See you there!
Happy  to my brother,  I love you like a brother.
Hey, everybody! The  boys are taking over my Snapchat at the daaamn MTV Movie Awards.
Dennis Quaid’s BIRTHDAY IS HERE!!!  
Y’all love Heads Up! Act It Out so flippin’ much, I decided to give you more! Check out the new deck here. 
Here's a crash course on how not to behave on planes. Guy not wearin shoes, Im talkin to you  
. is just the best. She’s here to tell me about her daughters &amp; her movie The Boss—in theaters today 
I.G.G.Y. is here to shut down all the hate and rumors. And I love her for it.  
Psst! There’s still time for you to win a brand-spankin’ new Chevy Malibu.  
I ❤️ Bruce 
If you do one thing today, read this by my friend  We can change the world if we all come together 
If this kid doesn’t make you wanna watch  this Sunday, then, well, I don’t know how to help you. 
I love  and she's got a new novel about Hollywood that I
think you're gonna love. Buy it here  
Congratulations on an incredible show! Thank you for bringing us so much talent. 
My hilarious friend  had some amazing news for my audience. 
Charles Barkley is standing up for what's right. 
It was such a lovely trip. 
 to that time in South Africa with  
I asked  about that GIGANTIC diamond ring on a “certain” finger.   
We have fun.   
The  is celebrating 150 years of kindness, compassion, &amp; love towards animals. And for that, I honor the ASPCA 
. got fo reals real with me during a live stream on Facebook during my show today  
My thoughts on Mississippi. 
You can trust me. 
Want tickets to this weekend’s MTV Movie Awards? There's gonna be so much Hart. It’s gonna Rock. 
You never know what can happen when you come to an Ellen taping. Kala didn’t see this coming  
I knew I shouldn't have left you two alone together. 
WWE wrestler  is on my show today! He’s a good man to have in your corner.  
Who do you think knows more rap songs?  or me? 
The finale of  is tonight! And John Travolta is here today talking about it! 
I’ll never let go. 
The people of  and  deserve better. We won't stop fighting until they get it.
He’s here!  and  had a baby! 
If you do one thing today, check out these amazing kids from tWitch &amp; Allison’s Dance Challenge on  
 John Travolta forgot to grab the check. 
Twitter's gonna stream Thursday Night Football. I don't know how they are gonna fit it into 140 characters.
Happy birthday,  I hope you’re happy!
You can now buy my women's boyshorts from the Ellen Shop right from Twitter. The future is here! 
I will never be able to unsee that.  
Oh no you di’int. 
I sent Andy Zenor to visit Northern England. Bloody good job, mate!   
. made these people’s dreams come true. Thought I was done, but buckit! I want your dream to come true! 
I'm back from Spring Break! Can't wait to chat with  and show her my tan.  
The first episode of  and  Dance Challenge is LIVE on   
2 hr until a new episode of  w/  Where the kids are talented, &amp; mustaches are big.

It’s almost here!  &amp;  Dance Challenge premieres this coming Monday on 

It’s been a long week. Let’s just curl up this weekend and snuggle. 
Sign up for my  newsletter &amp; you could win a trip to Caesars Palace. That’s a gamble I’d be willing to take!
April bloody fools! The Queen of England isn’t here today, but the Queen of Daytime is. 
Today on my show, the one, the only, Her Majesty the Queen of England! Cheerio! 
Happy birthday,  You may be one-third of  but you’re all-thirds adorable!
Kids are slippery little things. 
Happy   
. let me borrow her bars.  
Caption this photo!  
That cat has the cutest pet baby. 
Happy  
Happy birthday,  Today you can wear whatever you want and no one can say a thing!
If you LOL'ed at this, you’re gonna ROFTL at tonight's episode. Whatever that means. 

Mariah, dah-ling! Happy bah-thday! 
They have their father’s ears. 
I know eggs-actly how it feels. 
Hoppy Easter! 
Happy birthday, Sir Elton John! Have a great knight. 
“Mom, make this rabbit disappear!” 
Shocked and saddened to hear about Garry Shandling's sudden death. I was honored to get to work with him. He will be missed.
Happy    
. is here today to gush all about our crush,   
. and I sat down with some kids to talk about beauty and Ani.   
It's 2016 and we're still talking about equal rights for everyone. Georgia, you are better than this. We all are.
This 3-year-old gymnast is flippin’ cute!  
For  here are my pups. They make each other so happy. 
Bridget Jones is pregnant and here to tell me all about it.  
Nothing makes kids happier than the Easter Bunny… Right?  
. talked about  his new role in a bad cult, and some badder tattoos  
I’ll wait for you.  
Renée Zellweger shared the new trailer for "Bridget Jones's Baby”. I hope they name it Ellen. 
. started a campaign to help the victims of today’s terror attack in Brussels. Every little bit helps. 
This is why you should always hire a professional. 
I had a ball with the number one tennis player in the world.   
Novak Djokovic basically begged me to train him at Wimbledon.   
I lost an hour!  
Who wants a $250  gift card to shop my ED Ellen DeGeneres shoe line?  
Happy birthday,  
Sending my love to the people of Brussels. My heart goes out to everyone touched by this.
Stay perfectly still. Maybe they’ll forget it’s bath time. 
. I was so inspired talking to you on my show. I love how you follow your heart.

I played 5 Second Rule with  At least we agree that  shirt should always be off. 
 To  for the greatest selfie the world has ever seen,   
Comedian Quincy Jones’ dream came true today and no one is happier about it than I am. 
Only 2 more hours until the second episode of  Hope you have set your DVR cuz you’re gonna LOL.
Today is  You know what makes me happy? All 55M of you!!!
. is so hilarious on our new show  It airs tomorrow at 8pm. See for yourself. 
You got a little something right there. 
This princess don’t need no prince! Watch  this Sunday at 8pm.

Blew a gasket when I got to meet the CEO of International Speedway Corp. 
Happy birthday,  I’d push my button for you any day.
Can you tell I'm into these? They're available at  all across the country AND online. 
. does a spot-on camel impression. 
My writers, Kevin &amp; Lauren, went to Disneyland to play the new  Disney Parks deck! You can join the fun too 
Look! It’s Wonder Woman and Supergirl hanging with their favorite super hero. 
Marcia Clark didn’t confirm her relationship with Chris Darden but she didn’t deny it either  
In honor of  I am giving away a trip to the Park Hotel Kenmare in Ireland! Enter here  
Happy birthday,  You make 52 look super handsome.
Top o’ the mornin’ to ya. These Irish fellows singing  went viral, &amp; now I have ‘em on me show  
Kids grow up so fast.  
Spirit Airlines wants to know if it’s too late now to say sorry about that  brawl. 
Looking for a new Ellen Shop underwear model. Bootylicious? I think we’re ready for the jelly.  
That time when we finally took a vacation.  
Women’s History Month is a good time to remember that a woman can fall off a treadmill as good as a man. 
Today’s Pie Face is none other than Batman v Superman (aka  v   
 Oh boy, Batman scares easily! Watch the full  superhero scare on  here   
You gotta be kitten me if you think I’m going down there. 
My producer, Daniel Leary, welcomed beautiful twin boys over the weekend. Hope he was tired of sleeping. 
. changing the way we dance, one move at a time.  
 
It’s mine. It’s ALL MINE. 
Today I helped end the Twitter feud between  &amp;  Well, sort of.  
The finale of  wasn’t quite as romantic as I expected.  
Ibtihaj Muhammad's the 1st woman to wear a hijab to the Olympics &amp; also the 1st to kick Andy Zenor’s butt in fencing 
Burnell Cotlon makes his community safe for everyone. In return, they rally around him. Learn about his story here  
Comedian Quincy Jones was diagnosed with incurable cancer &amp; wants to leave a legacy of laughter. This is incredible. 
Wonder Woman and I sat down for a woman to woman chat about Batman v Superman.

What has talented kids, a full mustache, and 13 more episodes?  and I are about to tell you. 
Hooray! From noon until 3 my schedule says, "Dancing with Rita." 
This makes me so incredibly happy! My heart is with you, Alj. 
I found your Facebook pages &amp; let’s just say I got to know y’all a lot better &amp; so will everyone watching my show. 
OK, let’s take a serious one now. 
. phone was turned into a smoothie. This was amazing!  
The cutest James Bond expert showed up in his casual attire to tell me what he’s been up to.  
East Coast! Thanks for watching  with me! West Coast, you have 1 hour til the fun starts. Plan accordingly. 
I know, that mustache is just adorable.  
 Y'all HAVE to watch  These kids are AMAZING!!! 
 Finally, something I can enjoy &amp; watch w/ my family! Can't go wrong w/  crackin' up! 😂
Tonight’s the night!  premieres at 8pm. If you don’t watch, you'll be sad &amp; I’ll say I told you so.

It’s daylight savings tonight, which means my assistant has to come over at 2am and change all of my clocks.
. premieres Sunday at 8pm. The kids are hilarious &amp;  is adorable. Or is it vice versa?

Guess who’ll be at the  tonight? Follow along on 👻. Cuz if you don’t you'll totes get FOMO srsly—isn’t that how kids talk nowadays?
Happy 70th birthday, Liza Minneli! Here’s to minneli minneli more.
Okay, but the real issue is that THIS CAT CAN WRITE. 
Do not lose out on this performance of Lost Weekend by   
This story is an instant mood booster. See for yourself. 
This dog sums up the debates fur-fectly. 
First Adele, now Bieber. Lydia Lee is obviously working her way through the alphabet. 
One day, this will all be ours. 
 Win two tickets to attend  Kids Choice Awards! 
Hope it’s kosher that I’m setting Ari up with a follower. Over 18? Like spectacular eyebrows? Submit to 
. didn’t win the  Dunk Contest but he did dunk &amp; punk my producer  He’s a winner to me. 
My Trunk of Dreams road trip is ending but that doesn’t mean there aren’t more surprises up my trunk  
Happy birthday,  I hope Michael and Isaiah do something to make your Heartbeat on your special day.
Happy   
. nude selfie may have gone viral, but believe me—you havent seen everything  
Tomorrow’s gonna be a real slam dunk. Or will it? 
Ain’t it the truth. 
Happy   
Making a TV show isn’t all laughter &amp; sunshine. Okay it mostly is, but there’s also a coffee cart.  
Happy birthday,  It’s official. You’re a pop star.  
My Trunk of Dreams is only on the road for one more day.   
 Cloth talk ! Wit Ellen! Major 🔑 alert!    
Breaking News  I’m giving away a  to one of my followers for the first time ever! Run, don’t walk. 
. was here. Im not sure I get it all, but I’ve never felt more inspired.   
Check out the new Finding Dory poster! They really captured my eyes. And my tail fin.  
Major 🔑 Alert  The King of Snapchat stops by my show tomorrow. Make sure you’re following me on Snapchat. 
Don't worry, your fur will come in any day now. 
Don’t miss  in the premiere of  tonight on NBC after 

Check out my new neon mugs in the Ellen Shop. I love a bright idea.  
My Trunk of Dreams made it to a party in MO! They brought a wonderful gift   
 see the entire world being kind to one another.  
Happy  to all my womens out there. And the mens.

Tonight’s the  finale! You’ll never guess who announces the winner (its me, if you couldn’t guess)

HBD  You dont speak French so let your kids translate. Trouver le portefeuille de votre mère et de l'envoyer à la tante Ellen
Can you tell they’re extensions? 
Sally Field &amp; Max Greenfield have a lotta chemistry. And Im not talking about thermodynamics  
I’m about to do something I’ve never done before — give a car to someone on the Internet. Who wants a  
When you're like my friend has nothing to wear 
. is on her way to Olympic gold. I’m calling it.  
. special preview is on Tuesday after  with one my favorite big big shots,  
Happy birthday,  I hope you get to sleep in.  
Pre-game with my favorite girl,   
Who wants a tummy rub? 
Hey you know what'd be cool? If my Trunk of Dreams showed up at Klyde Warren Park in Dallas TX today. I hear its wonderful this time of year
Who’s going to see  this weekend? Raise a ski pole. I ❤️  
. turned 22 this week, so I’m giving away 2 tix to every single stop on his tour. This is not a drill. 
Hanging out in the crib with the pack.  
Yeah you are.   
Happy   
Grab your tissues and watch  perform “Piece by Piece”…  
Trying out my new GIF keyboard on Twitter like…  
River likes her new outfit.  
If you’re lookin' for the new Ghostbusters trailer, who ya gonna call? Me. 
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. Unless it's winning a   
If you see this car on its road trip across the country, tweet me! You might wind up at my show.  
Damn  
Happy Banana Cream Pie Day, Ashton Kutcher.  
I played Pie Face with  &amp;  This happened. Thanks,   
This was such a fun day. I ❤️ Kate McKinnon.  
Happy birthday  Chris Martin and Dr. Seuss. Will you party on a sleigh? Will you party with Coldplay?
Here it is! The world premiere of the new Finding Dory trailer. June can't swim here soon enough. 
Hey, UK!  is on my show today! I don’t know if you’re familiar with her, but she’s a big hit over here in the States. 
You forgot to mention we’re both hip hop icons. 
In honor of  bday, I put together a little montage of moments between Justin &amp; his favorite lady. Me. 
On my show tomorrow, a new Finding Dory trailer makes its world premiere. I don't want you to forget 
Happy birthday,  Wherever you are, I hope you’re having fun, and are fully clothed.
Hope you’re ready, Vegas! You've got 1 hour to get to the Strip by  Someone is winning a big prize &amp; it could be you. 
. talked to me about Caitlyn with a lot of honesty.  
It's World Compliment Day! I was just thinking to myself, what a wonderful world.
Happy birthday,  I can't believe you're 22. 
Who wants to be dropped in a hole today on the Vegas Strip? Be in front of  by 2pm. Stakes are high.
I really didn't mean to get  punished.  
Hey  My show is coming to Vegas! Be in front of Caesars Palace tomorrow at 2pm. Someone is going to win something HUGE.
It’s our very own Deflategate tonight on  Only two more episodes left!

Andy was on the  carpet w/ some of the biggest stars   &amp; Jim Beam  
Hello, Vegas! I don’t know if you’re on the Strip tomorrow, but if you’re in front of Caesars Palace at 2pm, you’re gonna be on my show.
The world premiere of the new Finding Dory trailer is Wednesday! Did I mention it’s gonna be on my show? Cause it is

My road trippers are hitting the road in their  &amp; they might be heading to you.  
 No place I'd rather be today...always lifts my spirits being on your show! Just makes me wanna dance.💃🏿 
Happy  Today lets the sun catch up to the moon’s rotation. I have no idea. I just hope it means free breadsticks somewhere.
. you were wonderful last night on the red carpet. Thanks for being here today  
Congratulations, Spotlight! Thank you for daring to shine a light on sex abuse and bringing so much awareness to it. 
He did it! He really did it!  I love you 
Congrats  on a beautiful speech and  on a moving performance 
That was really incredible  
The  deck is back in Heads Up! This is so unexpected. There are so many people I’d like to thank. 
Here’s your scorecard for the  You’re welcome.  
Everyone needs a snuggle buddy. 
Sometimes my guests forget this is a daytime talk show.  
Eddie the Eagle is in theaters today! It will lift you up. And then drop you down a steep, cold mountain. 
Ray Romano told me about the sex scene in Vinyl. I guess everybody really does love Raymond.  
This was my 1st Mint It To Win It. You do not wanna miss what they won.   
One fish, two fish. 
Happy    
I can’t wait to see  on the cover of Sports Illustrated in this.  
The rumors are true. I’m on Snapchat. 👻  
I ❤️   
The best thing about the Oscars with  is it’s gonna be amazing. The 2nd best is that I think I’m gonna win the staff Oscar pool.
I feel the same way about my kitty kitty kitty cats. 
I’m Ellen.  
I learned a whole lot about  in this round of 5 Second Rule.  
I wish I had worn my white vans.  
Damn, Daniel and Josh! Back at it again on my show today.  
Here’s a quick catch up of  You’re welcome.  
It’s Emily Blunt’s birthday! I hope you celebrate it with an Emily. Or a Blunt.
Sometimes love can surprise you. 
If you haven’t met Sam yet, he just became my favorite Starbucks barista ever.  
2016 is gonna be a great year for Kaley Cuoco — especially with her new moth tattoo. 
Tonight on  the designers make couches for my green room. Having a design show is very handy.

. just want you to know I’m thinking of you today and sending you my love and support.
They're all ears. 
I had so much fun w/  I forgot to mention his new book! Get yours before the aliens abduct them all. 
Saint West is adorable. 
Happy birthday,  I couldn’t love you more. You’re like a grown-up version of that little girl from E.T.
The knee bone's connected to the ankle bone. Thats all I got. The rest I'll leave to Brielle  
Happy  
Check out Elovate kitchen. Chef Roberto is amazing.  
Happy birthday,  you for naming your new album after me. Love, Anti Ellen
Step stool for me. Thai massage for you. 
. played “Who'd You Rather?” and things got pretty Drizzy.  
Happy birthday,  If you ask me, you’re just as Young as you were yesterday.
Eileen Segatti is a big fan with a big heart. Thanks,   
Balang is here with another show-stopping performance.  I hope you’re watching. 
Happy   
Welcome to Instagram,  Happy  
. told me about what happened at the Grammys.  
 Hang in there, Troy. 
Today made me so happy. Thank you   
A work in progress. 
You make a great anchor,  but I think I found your new career. Thanks for being here. 

I sent  to Jamba Juice for what might be one of my favorite hidden camera pranks ever.  
If you saw  perform “All I Ask” on the Grammys, all I ask is that you watch her perform it on my show  
Hello. It’s us.   
Look who I found. 
Kate Hudson’s book “Pretty Happy” is available now! It’s pretty great. 
Let’s make 2016 the Year of the Elephant. We need to protect these incredible animals.  
❤️ 
Brielle is back, and now she’s making lasagna. Happy  
Now watch her flip. Now watch her Nae Nae. The Whip Nae Nae gymnast was here.  
Happy birthday,  I’m doing this dance for you. 
I sent Demarjay to the  All-Star Weekend. You want to see this. 
I dropped Ryan Reynolds into a dunk tank. It was all for charity, of course.  
Happy  Mae Taul from Fairhope, Alabama.  
Ryan Reynolds told me about getting totally naked in Deadpool. You’re welcome…  
New sweaters and shirts coming soon to  You’ve officially been teased. 
Waiting in line just became your favorite part of visiting a Disney Park. Get the Disney Parks deck in Heads Up! 
You are so strong in so many ways. Most of them involve muscles.  
One treat for me and one for my friend, please. Check out more fun snow photos here!  
If you wondered what   talked about during commercial breaks, here’s an exclusive clip. 
I love this photo of  and me.  
. told me about her Sports Illustrated shoot with a story we couldn’t put on TV. You’ve been warned. 
Happy birthday, Ice-T and The Weeknd! I feel like I’m writing a Lipton commercial.
. opened up for the first time on TV about her loss to Holly Holm. 
ED on Air starts in 15 min! Check out my ED products on QVC, or you can get shopping right here. I love the Internet 
. you never disappoint. 
. that was so great. You're always going to another level. 
. you are brilliant. 
OMG  
Knock 'em dead tonight,  I love yourself.  
Happy  I still have this wig. 
This week's  is intense. Don't miss it tonight!

Dancing through the week. 
She doesn't have her own car, but Mariah still helps the people of Flint by bringing them water. Now she has both. 
Happy    
The support for Spain Elementary is incredible. I have the most amazing viewers. 
Check out  performing with  And you thought your day off couldn't get any better. 
Happy  
Hey  remember the first time we met? Sending you lots of love and luck for tomorrow.  
. is one lucky lady.   
Wishing you luck on Monday.  Remember where you came from.  
If you’re looking for love this weekend, these audience dancers found plenty of it. 
Demarjay is at the  All-Star Game. Those players don’t know what they’re in for. 
Macey played the new Disney Parks deck with my Head Writer, Kevin! Things went downhill from there. 
Demarjay met  at the NBA All-Star game. I love this photo. 
❤️ 
The NBA All-Star Game is this weekend. I think I just found their starting lineup. 
. was NCRDBLE 
The things I do for you,   
If you love my game Heads Up!, and you love Disney Parks, today is a very very very good day  
Darby, you done did it!  
Macey meets the President.   
A day with  that I will never forget.  
Selfie with the Chief.   
I’m ready to Barack and baroll.  
This is the photo I took right before secret service tackled me. You can almost see  shoe. 
My wife and me at the Saint Laurent show. 
. was here in 2007, and tomorrow he’s barack. I mean back.  

 Marriage equality may be the law of the land, but there's more work to do to end discrimination. Join the fight  
I'll be watching you at the  this Monday,   
It’s not every day I get to do this. Sending love to Spain Elementary and Detroit. Thank you  
Happy birthday to my wonderful friend, Jennifer Aniston. You've come so far. And you've made it Theroux.
. was here to perform "America's Sweetheart" for America's Sweetheart. 
❤️ U 2 
We should start a club of  wives. 
He’s wildly undercharging. 
The Grammys are Monday. I remember when this whippersnapper was on my show for the 1st time.   
. told me she’s ready for a ring. I hope you’re listening,  
You’re gonna be FNTSTIC. 
. is on my show next Thursday. You’re welcome.
You’ve got dreams. I know you do. Chevy and I wanna make ‘em come true! 
It’s National Umbrella Day! I’m celebrating with 
This performance by  is unreal. 
They're on now, West Coast! 
I guess he had a big lunch. 
Your husband is on my show this week,  Quick question — is he better or worse than you at push-ups?
Guess who’s here today.  
This undefeated high school wrestler just lost his first match for the best reason. 
Where did Von Miller want to go after winning MVP of the Super Bowl? The Ellen DeGeneres Show!  
I remember filming this scene. I still have water in my ears.   
The cast of Fuller House is here today, and they brought me an exclusive first look at the show. 
 starts in 8… 7… 6… 5… (hurry and turn on your TV)
Happy  
Tonight on Ellen’s Design Challenge, one of my all-time favorite surprise guests stops by. Me! 

Michelle Neither loves when I prank people. So I pranked her with a new   
I wish they had shown the other side of the Super Bowl stadium last night. Beautiful.  
What’s in the box? A vacation for everyone in my audience. And maybe one for you, too.  
. does a fantastic impression of  
Congratulations to Peyton Manning and the Denver  on a great win. Keep your heads up  You did good. 
That was the best halftime show ever. Believe in love.    
Love you so much,  I'm so glad I loaned you my jumpsuit.
If ur not playing the  Football deck while you watch the  you may wanna rethink some life choices 
If you’re wondering who’s gonna win the  I already did the leg work for you. 
Happy birthday, Ashton Kutcher! I hope you’re celebrating in your birthday suit. 
Happy birthday,  Hope you and  don’t celebrate too hard, or this could turn into two birthdays.
I love  for inspiring girls to be anything they want to be.   
. tore this place up. 
We look good in each other’s underwear. 
It’s National Doodle Day! Have a happy Doodle Day, everybody. Suddenly, I sound Irish.
. showed off her Ellen underwear from the  She’s never looked better. 
 
The biggest Panthers fan is going to the Panthers' biggest game. Thank you,  
I have loved Earth, Wind &amp; Fire my entire life, and my heart goes out to Maurice White and his family today.
. and I sang some  in the commercial break. 
Confirmed! President  is on my show next Friday! And he’s gonna play
“Never Have I Ever"! That part is uncomfirmed.
Happy   
This is adorabowl. 
. told me about boys, parties, and karaoke. I know about at least 2 of those. 
You shined bright like a diamond. Unless you shone bright like a diamond. 
. is going on tour! And I'm giving out free tickets right here. 
George Clooney told me how he proposed to Amal. 
There may be nothing more fun than playing "Never Have I Ever" with George Clooney and  
Did they let you fly the plane? 
Here’s an 11-year-old changing the world… 
. was here for the first time. I had him throw balls at Andy. For charity, of course. 
People always ask what it’s like backstage at my show. The shirtless hunks were on a lunch break.  
Happy Carrot Cake Day! They all laughed at Martha Clutterbuck when she wanted to put carrots in her cake. Who’s laughing now, Martha?
I sent Jeannie to surprise some big fans who could use a boost. Consider them boosted. 
“Now, for the reason I brought you all here.” 
Happy  I hope I get to watch the movie. 
. is a genius. 
Happy  Gosh, that was a great movie. 
I found these dancers from my dance contest on Chosen. Have you uploaded a dance video yet? 
Happy  That movie is one of the best. 
. is adorable on every level. 
Happy  Wasn’t that movie great? 
Hello from Ohio. 
Tonight on Ellen’s Design Challenge, the tables are turning. 

Anybody want a signed copy of “Blue Neighborhood”?  
This is a master class in how to be adorable. 
Tonight’s a new episode of  These are some of the best furniture designers around. You won’t believe what they make.
It sounds like having Wolverine for a dad is better than Tinder. 
. sent me a copy of his memoir. It's a great L.A. read. 
I have a new puppy. I won’t tell you what’s in this cup.  
Happy birthday,  22 is gonna be a great year. That’s the year I learned how to play Yahtzee.
Do you like me? Do you like elephants? Watch this. 
Happy birthday,  Please come back and rough up  It doesn't even need to be on TV. 
Jeannie I don’t wanna make you nervous but you only have one chance to get it right in Grease  Live! in front of the whole world. Go get em!
Happy birthday to my brilliant and adorable friend, 
Happy birthday to my incredible wife. 
I love this story and I love this video. 
Brielle played Heads Up! for kids and OMG it’s adorable.  
In case you missed  on my show. I can’t stop listening. 
Looks like someone’s been pigging out. 
Only one of these is true. You won’t believe which one it is. 
Jeannie’s gonna be on Grease  Live! Don’t miss it, this Sunday on FOX. 
. +  + Kittens. 
I just found  new boyfriend for her. 
Nothing says tax season like a shirtless hunk.  
No more Twitter feuds. Only Twitter  I'll start. I  you 
Life in plastic. It’s fantastic.  
Happy birthday,  I wanted to make your birthday as special as you made mine. I’m hiding in your hamper.
Happy birthday to me.  
It’s a big day. 
For my birthday my EPs  &amp;  did somethin special for me that they had no idea they were gonna do 
People are diving into the snow in their underwear. What are you thinking? Do it in these.  
I love being kind. So does  Nominate a kind person&amp;they could be rewarded in kind by The Kind Foundation 
This was a wonderful birthday present.   
. told me about meeting  
Thanks for sharing your husband with me.  
One of these is not like the others. 
Thank you  for making your TV debut on my show and making my birthday extra special. 
Happy  
They won the Powerball and were here to tell me all about it. What a story. 
 Some  Workout inspiration 
I’m looking for the biggest Panthers fan and the biggest Broncos fan for a chance to go to the  
Jack Black shook his groove thing for charity. It may never be the same. Thanks, Chideo!  
 
L.A. has made quite a bid for the 2024 Olympics. 
For every tweet and retweet with  today, 5¢ goes to mental health initiatives. So, let’s see how many retweets we can get.
Thanks Tony! ❤️ 
Aww, you shouldn’t have. 
What did I say about tweeting me? 
Being adorable is exhausting. 
Every day.   
How are you with crate training?   
And that’s how I got Wham! back together.   
Peace, compassion, and a new  album. 
  can you write "be kind to one another" so I can get it tattooed?!🙏🏻 
A gorilla.   
Don’t take the freeway.   
I don’t need someone to brush my teeth. Carol has been with me for years.  
Someone who tells you if you have food in your teeth.   
Shakira.  
I’d love that. Can we stay with you?   
I love Demarjay so much that I’m sending him to the  Game. 
The neighbors saw me in my birthday suit this morning. Lots of applause.
. reunion with Miss Colombia didn’t go as planned. 
Ben  sure does a lot of kissing. 
Just what I’ve always wanted. 
Today is my birthday &amp; Thursday is my birthday show! That’s the best part about being a celebrity. You have as many birthdays as you want
So which one was your favorite this week? 
Get your skill saws ready!  starts in 20 minutes! It’s like The Voice but without the singing &amp; with lots of lumber.
I guess now you know where I live. 
 is back tonight! It’s about patio furniture. East Coasters, the patio is that thing under 3 feet of snow in your backyard
My birthday is coming up, &amp; I wanna do something special. I’m gonna do a Q&amp;A on Twitter! Tweet me your Q. I’ll give you my A. 
This love story will change your whole day.  
Gina is 2 pistons short of a  
I got 5 out of 8! 
. &amp;  are just friends. But I'm leaving this poll here anyway. 
These are three of the most incredible people I know. Brian, Drew, Brittany, I love you all. 
I always love keeping up with your family - which just gave me an idea for a show. Call me.  
Long story. 
I hope you love this video as much as I do. P.S. 82-year-old Lala’s on my show on Monday. 
I couldn't love you more.   
Someone’s going on a road trip in a new Chevy Malibu. And it could be you, boo.  
. is here on Monday. She talks about Scott and Bieber. 
My new puppy already learned how to sit. Does anyone have a connection at the New York Times?
Happy   
Happy  
Sam is an incredible dancer. That’s why he got an incredible prize. 
. makes me laugh. 
It started with a pair of boots, and it brought Kelly McGuire right to my show.  
I’m not sure when it’s Monday in the UK, but I hope it’s soon.   
Charlotte, I hope you’re watching. 
. isn’t afraid of the zombies on  This guy dressed as a doll, however… 
This is the best fence costume I’ve ever seen. 
The secret’s out. 
My Season 13 halftime show was off the backboard. 
. told me about his girlfriend. Apologies to all the ladies, and a lot of the men. 
When Prancer shows up and confronts you for selling your 12 Days gifts. 
  
I already know what I’m going to wear.   
I thought 3 dogs was plenty but now I need a baby and a laser. 
Me,  and some pictures. Enjoy. 
Nothing like  somewhere on a beach. 
“They’ll never take me alive!” 
Andy Zenor is great in bed. 
Happy birthday,  70 years and you still manage to stay afloat.
Hard to tell who’s more excited. 
So far I’m loving this season of  and it’s only been 8 minutes.
Season 2 of  kicks off in 15 minutes! Grab your kids, grab your pets, grab your favorite ottoman &amp; get ready!
I can’t believe it really happened. My show aired on  in the UK! Who watched today? 
Have a cheerful, merry, joyful, jovial, jolly, jocular, sunny, blithe, euphoric Thesaurus Day!
Pull over your family, your pets, and your favorite ottoman. My furniture design show is back tonight! 9p/8c. 
 
. brought the house down. What a performance. I’m gonna be sweeping up rhinestones for weeks. 
Happy   
Happy birthday, Kevin Costner. I will always love you.
Brielle just turned 4 &amp; celebrated by naming the new elements. When I was 4, I thought my shadow was another person. 
Happy birthday,  I hope you laugh this hard today. 
Happy birthday,  Or as I’m now gonna call you, Obama 2024.
Happy birthday  Thank you for your sweet voicemail. I know I’m a CoverGirl, but no one’s ever called me Miss Universe before
Congrats to the New England Patriots and the Arizona Cardinals on today's wins.
I ❤️ Aaron Rodgers
I can’t help it. This is just too cute.  
This little bear is juuuuuuust right. 
I’m still cleaning this up. 
Happy birthday to the wonderful, talented, handsome, kind, incredible 
. is going to be in the best shape of his life.  
My friend  was here looking real handsome. 
Honestly, how close did you get to the right answer? 
"Everything the light touches is our kingdom." 
Kea is an incredible dancer. 
This is me in my Augie sweatshirt from  &amp; my dog, Augie. I think this is what the internet calls “meta.” 
Happy birthday,  You’re my second favorite person on Arrested Development.
. and I were in a rap group together a few years back. I never thought this would see the light of day. 
Happy birthday,  I’m glad you decided to celebrate it the best way possible. With me. 
The secret’s out. Portia &amp; I have a kid. I posted this video of him on ellentube. Brace yourselves. He’s adorable. 
Happy   
Congratulations to everyone who was nominated for an Academy Award today. I guess the Talk Show Host category is announced separately?
Does anyone know the winning Powerball numbers? 

Sent from my iPhone 4 in Chino Hills, California
. is incredible. 
Happy birthday, Liam Hemsworth, Orlando Bloom, Patrick Dempsey, and the woman jumping out of your cake, 
. came here to talk about his tour, but I love that I also got to listen to him talk about his dad. 
Happy  
I sent Andy to Chicago to give these two fans the chance of a lifetime. 
The Powerball is up to $1.5 BILLION. If I win, I’ll give a dollar to each of my followers. No, that’s crazy. Just the ones who retweet this.
Happy birthday,  I can’t wait for more Scandal. This winter hiatus is so long, I feel like I’m in Game of Thrones.
Watching the  President Obama is a brilliant man. I'm grateful to him for an amazing 8 years.
 To be starting 2016 with this feels amazing. Honored to be playing at  today 🙏🏼 
I sent these twins to the red carpet of the  They’re also my new bouncers. 
. is here! He’s my favorite new Norwegian DJ, or as they’re commonly called, Norweejay. 
My show is coming to the UK! I’m gonna take the lift down to the loo and grab my wellies and watch  on the telly.
Who wants to go on a road trip in a brand new  
. saved  life. 
Happy birthday,  I hope you’re enjoying the other direction.
Happy birthday to my friend  I know you’re still a kid at heart. A hilarious, fearless, dirty kid.
I'm pretty sure you're first in line for VP 
Reason  why I don’t have kids. 
The world needs more therapists like Ashlyn. She deserves this and so much more. 
. is a good sport. 
President expert Macey went on a Carnival Cruise. Now she knows as much about ropes courses as she does Nixon 
We got Elley on the Telly! I’ll see you on  UK. 
. is a legend. He changed the way people thought about music, and gender, and fame. He was huge to me.
. taught  how to dab. I think she’s finally ready for office.

Congratulations to all the winners. You're all golden. And you've got great globes. 
Congratulations,  I knew it! You had me at the beard. And the bear. 
Can’t wait to watch the  tonight! Sending luck to  And anyone in his opening monologue.
Andy, watch out for that door. 
. and I are starring in a new telenovela. Please enjoy the world premiere of "Dos Amigas." 
I played Heads Up! with presidential candidate  and somebody who already has the job. 
. is one of the most incredible dance groups I’ve ever seen. 
. told me about 2 different times he nearly died. Remind me not to travel with him. 
Get ready, 2016. tWitch just brought us the new dance craze. 
These may be my favorite twins of all time. 
Happy   
. may never be the same. 
You’re about to be struck by a smooth criminal. 
 Actual Squad Goals.  
You know I love ya. 
I'm so grateful to be able to do what I do every day. Thank you to all the Peoples.  
Heading to the  Couldn’t be more excited to receive the Humanitarian Award. I’ve always been a supporter of humanity.
For the next two days, everything in the Ellen Shop is up to 50% off! Holy fleece onesies! 
In case you were wondering, Saoirse Ronan gets her nails done at Tropical Popical. 
What do a cute puppy, The Bachelor, &amp; a sweet video from  have in common? They're all on my show today.

You’ve never looked better.  
I played 5 Second Rule with  There’s so much I don’t know about men’s underwear. 
We all know  likes to drop it. 
Moby is donating 100% of the profits from his L.A. restaurant, Little Pine to charity. I can’t imagine a better place to eat.
I told the story of my vacation. It involves  a yacht and mama on a jet ski. 
Thanks for the heads up. 
Happy birthday  Just like your fine red wine, you only get better with age, and are delightful on ice.
Happy birthday, Bradley Cooper. This is still my favorite photo of us. 
It’s time to play  or Go. 
Everyone in L.A. is late this morning because they spent 45 minutes in the garage looking for their umbrella.
Finished “Making a Mortar" on Netflix. Not sure what the fuss is about. Lots of bricks. And I hardly call that chimney a surprise ending.
Time to hear about everyone’s vacation. Went somewhere warm. Got a tan. Hung out on a yacht w/  &amp;  Blah blah blah
The Container Store has a container for absolutely everything. I get so excited when I go there, I can’t contain myself. And then I can.
 Eva does Ed's hair  
What better way to start the new year than with a new season of  !? Don’t miss the casting special on HGTV tonight!
You thought they were loafers. Turns out they're tiny kitten sleeping bags. 
4, 3, 2, 1, Happy New Year!!!! Close enough! We’re going to bed. See you in 2016.
Trying to stay up to midnight like… 
It’s so cool to be Apple’s Top Paid App of 2015. I hope you love playing Heads Up! as much as I do. 
There’s no pet like a snow pet. 
Happy birthday,  In honor of your birthday, I’m giving you the rest of the year off.
It’s so hard to say goodbye. Unless you’re saying it in the Ellen Shop. Check out our Goodbye 2015 sale! 
Ear muff. 
"What chocolate? I didn’t see no chocolate.” 
Better not pout. Better not cry. Better watch my show. I'm telling you why. Someone’s gonna win every 12 Days gift! 
 Ellen taking her mother on a jet ski for the first time 
Happy birthday,  I love you so much.
Wishing you all a Merry Christmas filled with laughter, light and love. Be kind to one another.
Merry Christmas Eve and Happy  
I nearly took the same photo of Portia this morning. 
Congrats to   &amp;  for winning the  Charity Race! Play  
Even Santa can have a bad day. 
I guess this wasn’t on her list. 
Starting today someone watchin my show will win every 1 of my 12 Days gifts! It’s my Classic Joke Winter Watch &amp; Win 
Happy birthday,  I sent you a beautiful vase. I think you’re gonna love it. I’m all about that vase.
It’s been an absolutely incredible year. 
. taught these kids about the birds and the bees. Heck, even I learned a few things. 
. never stood a chance. I know a thing or two about home decorating. 
This is ho ho wholy adorable. 
Watch out for the office floozy at your holiday party. 
Here are some of my favorite submissions to Ellen’s Dance Off in the Chosen App! 
Happy birthday,  I’ve always been Fonda you.
Happy birthday,  You’ve been an Executive Producer on my show for 13 years. It was high time I learned when your birthday was.
Support your favorite charity &amp; have fun at the same time. I love it. Winning charities get $250K from Best Fiends! 
I think I found the cat. 
The new  movie really knocks it out of the park. 
. told me about her nipple. I didn't ask. 
This robot from  looks like a lot of fun, but I don’t need to draw you a picture. 

I sent Andy Zenor to the red carpet of the  premiere with one of my dearest friends - tequila. 
This may be our best giveaway ever. It’s a bonus day of the 12 Days of Giveaways! 
Happy birthday,  I’m swinging from the chandelier in your honor. Also because I kicked over the ladder while I was dusting.
. makes a great  model. 
Waiting in line for  Here's the perfect deck to play in  while you wait! (Hint  It’s Star Wars) 
Someone was waiting up for Santa 
Happy   
Jay Z, Brad Pitt, I hope you’re watching.  
This may be the weirdest thing that’s ever happened on the show. Happy  

Baaah Baaah ba ba ba BAAAAAAAAH baaah ba ba ba BAAAAAAAH baaah ba ba ba buuuuuuh 
Who ya gonna call? 
It’s adorable until he’s in front of you on the 405. 
Meghan Bentley did not see this coming. 
Surprise! There’s a bonus day of giveaways! 
All I want for Christmas is a baby in a Santa hat. In a basket. 
We’re just friends, everyone. 
Crazy Eyes is crazy fun. 
One of these people won every gift card from the 12 Days of Giveaways! The rest got dropped through the floor. 
Share your video of a special celebration and My M&amp;M’s might put $10K right in your hand. Not in your mouth. 
Prince Harry might be dating Pippa Middleton – his brother’s wife’s sister. I don’t know if it’s true, but I bought the rights to the sitcom
. does an incredible giraffe impression.  
. showed me her Star Wars character. I never would have recognized her. 
I invented a new yoga. The room is cold, &amp; you’re in bed &amp; you have to put socks on while staying under the covers. It's called Fro Yoga.
I guess they were hoping for some “el.” 
Braylon Beam and his family are nothing short of incredible. 
My audience dreamed big for a Dream Bed. Check out who went home with one.  
Who’s ready for tWitch &amp; Allison's Dance Challenge? If you know a super talented kid dancer, send in a video! 
There’s no better way to sell Star Wars tickets on the street than with Princess Leia herself. 
Happy birthday to Jamie Foxx and Edgar the Pizza Guy. Make a wonderful pizza and keep looking sexy. (I’ll let you choose who does what)
Happy birthday  I hope you have a wonderful day. Seriously. 
The countdown to the holidays is on! Check out all of the goodies in the Ellen Shop. 
On Comet, on Cupid! On Donner, on Mittens! 
. is a man of many talents. 
Psych! is one of the App Store’s top 25 games of 2015! Thanks to  for sponsoring it. 
What’s in the Box? A bonus day of giveaways! 
Nothing’s funnier than identical twins. 
Happy   
Next time  Denning’s is late, don’t believe her. 
He knows if you’ve been bad or good. 
Three of my favoritest kids tested out some of the hottest toys. 
Happy anniversary,  and  Now, please tell me if I’m going to be an aunt or an uncle.
Violet is back to test toys today. And to test how much cuteness I can stand. 
Here it is — your final chance to win  I’ve got a good feeling about this one. 

Its the final day of  Check out my big finale gifts. Thanks  for being an amazing sponsor 
You are one of my top 2 favorite broke girls. 
Wow. Heads Up! is named Apple’s Top Paid App for the second year in a row. Thank you Apple &amp;  for the love. 
Who doesn’t love a teddy bear that can put you in a half nelson? 
Have you played  yet? It’s in the Chosen app! Someone’s gonna dance their way right to my show. 
Your Christmas tree isn’t fully dressed without a cat.  
I played 5 Second Rule with  It’s not as easy as you think. 
Happy birthday, Kirk Douglas! 99! Incredible. I can’t believe it’s been that long since Growing Pains.
It’s that time of year when everyone’s looking for that perfect toy. 
Happy Techno day! I’m celebrating with boots. And cats. Boots, cats, boots, cats, boots n cats n boots n cats.
You only have two more days to win gifts from  Here’s your chance for today. 

Happy Day 11 of 12 Days! The gifts keep getting giftier.  
Almost ready for the  tonight. 
I love this. 
This sleighed me. 
I invented a new cocktail. It’s peppermint schnapps, Fireball and hard apple cider. I call it a “Ho Ho Ho.”
 Just left  Thanks for having us! Happy holidays and Merry Christmas! 
Joshua Jackson talks about being naked on TV. You are seriously going to want to watch this. 
Happy birthday,  Roman, Barbie, Martha, Tyrone, and all the others. You’re some of my favorite people.
If you missed this moment on the show, I didn’t want you to miss out on all the fun we had with 

Have you won any of the gifts from  yet? Here’s your chance, Twitter. 

It’s Day 10 of the 12 Days of Giveaways! That means there's only… a few more days left! 
She may throw in her sister as a bonus. 
Harrison Ford flew me in a helicopter without a license. Long story short, I’m lucky to be alive. 
Kim and Kanye’s baby is named Saint West! No word yet on what he’s the patron Saint of, but my bet is Instagram.
 is coming. 
I watched this amazing classroom makeover with  I can’t believe what the  accomplished. 
Quick poll - Who would like to win all of today's gifts from the 12 Days of Giveaways? 
Congrats, Peta Murgatroyd &amp; Maksim Chmerkovskiy on your engagement! I wonder if there are a lot of Murgatroyd-Chmerkovskiys registered.
It's Day 9 of  It’s weird to use the 3rd person but I thought  wouldn’t be as popular. 
Thinking about  tonight, and his family. Robert Urban was a lucky man to have you for a son.
Happy birthday,  I hope you’re doing more than OK today!
. West had a baby boy! No news yet on which direction he'll be.
 There’s a new  deck in  May the Force be with you. 
Hold onto your lightsabers, there’s a new  deck in Heads Up! 
I love this  song. Thanks for sponsoring the concert,  
I said tWitch choreographed this but it was the incredible Jade Jager Clark. Download Chosen 

. Happy birthday, Jay Z! You’re 45! That’s Cray Z.
My audience got some wonderful giveaways. They’re trippin’. You could be trippin’ too. 

It’s the most wonderful time of the year! Find out just how wonderful it was on Day 8! 
'Tis the season. 
 is on NBC tonight! This should be good. Nobody beats The Wiz.
Happy   
Congratulations,  I’ll see you at the Super Bowl! But first, I’ll see you on my show tomorrow.
This is her fight song.  
Happy birthday,  Sending love to you and your brother, Shemar.
. told me about her wedding. More accurately, she yelled at me about it. 
Quick question - would any of you like to win all of today’s giveaways? Just curious. 

 Your "thoughts" should be about steps to take to stop this carnage. Your "prayers" should be for forgiveness if you do n…
It’s Day 7 of  and the gifts keep coming. As soon as I fix this leak. 
. didn’t know how to humbly ask you to vote for her for the People’s Choice Awards, so I made this. 
Congratulations  on breaking your own world record for the Beer Mile! 4 47! Your parents must be so proud.
Happy  
Get the new Star Wars deck in Heads Up! Do or do not. There is no try. 
The holidays can really sneak up on you. 
Surprise! It’s Day 6 of  Enter to win today’s gifts right here. 

Happy birthday,  You’re Thritney-Four!
Check out all the gifts from Day 6 of  I woulda gotten geese, but they were too busy a-laying. 
. performed “Alive” on my show. I’m wigging out. 
Finger painting is exhausting. 
Happy  Here are some of my all-time favorite moments of giving back. There’s nothing better. 
There’s a new Star Wars deck in Heads Up! May the Force be with you. 
Amazon Prime Air will now deliver packages in 30 minutes using drones. 30 minutes?! Way too slow. They should look into using cannons.
Did you see what my audience won today? I saved one of everything for someone on Twitter! 

They’re gonna need a big truck for today’s giveaways. Check out Day 5 of   
Happy  
Did you get your tree yet? 
Cricket Wireless is the launch partner for my new game, Psych! What can I say? I’m Psyched. 

Things went downhill on my show today. 
. was here for the first time. I just heard about it on Snapchat. 
It’s  The biggest internet shopping day of the year. And tomorrow is 
Here’s your chance to win all of  from Day 4 on Twitter! Pretty tweet. 

 are back! Day 4 starts today. Check out all of today's goodies. 
This knit is bananas. 
You have 5 seconds to win a $10K Target gift card from 5 Second Rule! Okay, you have a little more time, but hurry 
 Goodbye dad. 
This kid really likes his morning shower. 
This weekend is about being with family. But if you've had enough of that already, there's a big sale at 
Who needs to get pressed up against strangers? Get yer Black Friday in the Ellen Shop! (unless that’s what yer into) 
  from us! 
I'm thankful for each and every one of you. Now stop hiding in the broom closet reading tweets and get back with your family.
I love Thanksgiving! When else can you eat too much and watch football? Except for like every weekend.
Happy   
Today is about being with family and loved ones. But if you also see a funny-shaped squash, please send me a photo. 
With so much going on in the world, I'm glad we can take a moment to be thankful. For every day. Every moment.
I just stole some vegetables from my neighbor’s garden to make my centerpiece. I'm calling it my “CornucOprah”
It’s not easy being this adorable. 
My Heads Up! holiday deck is back, &amp; it’s free! Perfect for when your extended family starts talking about politics. 
Here are a few life-saving tips for your Thanksgiving dinner. 
. made a new lady friend in my audience. 
Here’s your chance to win all of today’s giveaways right from Twitter!  

It’s Day 3 of 12 Days and the gifts keep coming! 
 Stache OR 😺 with a stache? 
If you’re about to fly home for the holidays, you may need to see this. 
Gavin told me he wanted to meet  Done. 
Portia and I did the exact same photo shoot last weekend. Except with money. 
The adorable Kai Langer can’t feel his face when he’s with me. 
So many wonderful gifts on my show today. And you can enter to win them all right here. 

On the second day of 12 Days, Ellen gave to me… 
“I told her my name was Marilyn. Like Marilyn Monroe." 
It was a beautiful weekend. 
. is here! I loved him in Rocky, Rocky II, Rocky III, Rocky IV, Rocky V, Rocky SVU, &amp; CSI Rocky. 
It’s  birthday! I guess that’s why I’m seeing so many photos of her in her birthday suit.
. makes me happy. 
At 3 years old, this little girl knows elements like Xenon and Scandium. I thought those were reindeer. 
One of my followers is winning all of today’s giveaways. Happy Day 1 of  

My audience ain’t the only ones winning my 12 Days of Giveaways. Check out all of the ways YOU can win right here. 
It’s the most wonderful time of the year! Thank you  for sponsoring this year’s 12 Days of Giveaways. 
. should be given an award for that performance. And a towel. 
. and  Blown away by that amazing performance. 
. is incredible. It was hard to see through the monkey suit, but they sounded great. 
. was amazing. So was that kiss. I had to cover the dog's eyes. 
. you just tore it up, taped it back together with scotch tape, and tore it up all over again. 
Happy birthday, Scarlett Johansson! You are absolutely my favorite female Avenger without a super power.
Hold onto your Ellen underwear, the Ellen Shop is now on eBay! 
Who wants to go to  this Sunday in Hollywood?  
I hope you’re ready for some holiday cheer because I have big news. The 12 Days of Giveaways starts MONDAY!
I want my cat to hold my hand while I sleep. 
My writers,  and  had a love/hate experience at 

I decided to end the week with a bang. 
Does anyone know what a “kitten caboodle” is? I feel like I should have one.
This girl is about to blow you away.  have you heard this?  
Why did  cross the road? She wanted to say hello from the other side.
My friend  is doing well. 
Roll some breadcrumbs on her and she’s ready for the fryer. 
Happy   
Happy Birthday  and Noah Ritter. Together you’re 63! The breakdown is not important! 
Sophia Grace and Rosie are back! And they’ve multiplied. 
My audience got a big  surprise today.  
Being a guest on my show is a scream. 
. may have just saved the California drought. Seriously. 
Playing Bananagrams with Portia and she refuses to believe JZQYYOK is a word.
Be honest, have you ever even once spelled Wednesday without silently sounding it out in your head wed-nes-day?
. told me about life P.Z. (That stands for Post Zayn)  
Beliebers here last week. Directioners here today. DeGensies here every day.
Yes, do so now. 
Don’t look now, but there’s a monkey in your bed. 
. loves to celebrate fall. 

Put the kids in the other room for a second and enjoy the trailer for  new movie 

Things got real with    
Love ya right back  
I didn’t scare  today. Seriously. 
LIVE on  Don't miss my  show tomorrow! 
PCs can do amazing things nowadays. So can my audience.   
My surprise guest today left me shaken. Not stirred. 
I woke up to big trucks backing up to my garage. Looks like they’re unloading a lot of amazing giveaways. I wonder what that could be for.
It’s windy outside in L.A., so remember to tie down your patio furniture and your supermodels.
This is my new favorite dance duo. I call them Whip and Nae Nae. 
You look fantastic. With or without clothes.  
It’s Have a Party With Your Bear Day! I’d like to take this moment to remind you again that I still don’t have a day.
If you have a photo of your football fan baby, oh boy do I wanna see it.  
I remember. You were like WHAAA?! And I was like I KNOW! 
I’m so grateful to be able to do what I do every day. Here’s why. 
Upload a sweet moment to ellentube with  &amp; you could win $10k from  Sounds pretty sweet to me 
Balang is back right where he balangs. 
. gave me an update on Lamar and Caitlyn. You can get her book right here.  
It’s so windy in L.A.! In other news, if you’ve seen my giant inflated blue bouncy castle, tweet me.
Get ur tix to   early with code ELLENJB do it fast before it opens to the other Beliebers 
After  don’t miss  on my show tomorrow! And check out her new book, here  
I can’t wait to watch me and my sisters on the “Keeping Up With The Kardashians” premiere tonight! I’m blowing you all kisses. Love, Karla
Hold on to your sparkly tutus, something very exciting is happening next week. Sophia Grace and Rosie are back!
. chose to donate to this school with help from  This was their response. 
I saw the cat eat 3 pieces. Don't tell Portia. 
This is hilarious. 
There’s a new deck in Heads Up! that’s all about the ocean and it’s free! Thanks  
I'm thinking about the people of Paris tonight.
🇫🇷 ❤️
 The reports from Paris are harrowing. Praying for the city and families of the victims. -H
One of the world’s greatest debates has finally come to an end  
 These  dancers opened for  
Isn’t it weird that a butt dial and a booty call are two completely different things?
I ended  with a bang. Thanks,  for sponsoring the outdoor concert!  
It’s Friday the 13th! I don’t believe in superstitions, but I did give my gardener a hockey mask to whack the bushes out front.
We all knew  had to end sometime. Sorry.  
LIVE on  If you thought today was big, wait 'til you see tomorrow. 
I ❤️ this. 
There’s no better way to celebrate our 2,000th show than to look back on where it all started.  
This made me cry.   
Happy birthday Ryan Gosling! You’re almost a full-fledged goose.
Now all of my favorite photos you send me are on the Apple Watch! Get the  app.  
At least now you’ll be able to tell them apart. 
There were so many incredible surprises on today’s show. Here are 2 big ones.  
Today may be one of my favorite shows ever. Don’t miss it.  
Whoever decided to put the question mark right next to the exclamation point on a keyboard was a monster?
. as a security guard with me in his ear. 
 This is how YOU celebrate  
My audience got the chance to be with their families, thanks to  

I settled the celebrity feud between  and  
Happy birthday,  My goodness you’re handsome.
It’s true.   
This  show your gratitude by retweeting  Every tweet means $1 to help those who serve.
I saw “Santa” on a Starbucks cup today, but it was because the barista misspelled “Portia.”
. is here all week. So, Happy Tuesbieb!
Remember to check out the world premiere of the Finding Dory trailer! Remember! Remember! Remember! Remember! Remember!
I love  and his new song is on iTunes Hot Tracks! It’s beautiful. Listen. 
Warning  This photo is shocking. 
These four  fans got a surprise that you need to see to belieb. 
Celebrities behaving badly. Thanks,    
Who could forget the 1st time I met these adorable girls? It was the dawn of the Sophia Grace &amp; Rosie era.  
I’ve been waiting to show you this for ten years.    
. told me he’s single, but that was before this dance.  
I know you saw the Bieber picture from Bora Bora. But did you see the whole thing?

If this doesn’t give you your  I don’t know what will.  
 I’m a big fan of this one, and not just because we used a big fan.
Quick! Name 3 things you wanna watch right now! If ya said me,  &amp; the game 5 Second Rule, youre in luck 
 Definitely one of my favorites, too.
I love reading your favorite moments from my show. This was definitely one I won’t forget.   
 My favorite moment was when Gina fell from the roof of the building   
Happy  Week! We kicked it off with some dating questions &amp; a special acoustic performance.  
It’s almost here. Don’t miss the exclusive first look of Finding Dory on  Tomorrow.  
If you have a Heads Up! fail, I wanna see it! You could win $1,500 from   
I can’t believe it’s almost my 2,000th show. I have so many amazing memories. If you have a favorite moment, I hope you’ll share it 
I love the people who work on my show. I may not know all their names or what they do but they sure are entertaining 
I ❤️  
Happy birthday, Emma Stone! You rock.
My young James Bond expert Britton met  himself. Daniel Craig, I love you for this.  
If you wanna be here for this outdoor concert there’s only 1 direction &amp; it’s tap here lolol  
We’ve been finding amazing submissions for my new show, “Little Big Shots.” These were not some of them. 
I sent some of my favorite people to interview the winners of the  Jeannie, Andy and Jack (Daniels). 
Happy   
Here it is! The trailer for Will Smith’s new movie,   
Sitting in leaves has never been more adorable. Or more punk rock. 
So happy for  He's the Entertainer of the Year! That's what you get for being so darn entertaining. 
Congratulations  on winning single of the year at the  I can't believe it but I missed where you thanked me.
. is throwing a huge outdoor concert on my show. I thought I'd invite some of my favorite people  You. 
“I’m sorry, you want to return your what?”   
Bowl? We don’t need no stinkin’ bowl. 
Got some extra pumpkin lying around? I’ve got just what you need.  
 is tomorrow, Nov 4th! So you’ve got lots of time to plan how you’re gonna celebrate. Wait a minute. THAT’S TODAY
Thanks for posting a photo,  I’ll see you at one of the 12 Days of Giveaways.   
You did it! You nominated me for a  Award! You people. You always know just what to get me. 
Happy birthday, Sean Puffy Combs! Or is it P. Diddy? Daddy? Diddy or didn’ty?
5-year-old Macey Hensley is a ventriloquist? 
There’s nothing more beautiful than the love of a little brother. 
I have no idea how Macey was doing this. 
Presidential expert Macey went to Mount Rushmore. Plus she got a surprise from Build-A-Bear.  
You used to call  on his cell phone… 
Who wants tickets to my  outdoor concert? 
. just hit the quan so hard. I’m not sure what that means, but I’m sure he did it. 
It’s time for another round of Me Me Monday, or as  calls it, “What Do You Meme?”

Tayt was back with his new heart &amp; stole mine all over again. Thank you  for this surprise.  
. +  + Me = Watch This. 
My strippers predicted the World Series winners! How many strippers would I need to predict the Powerball numbers? 
. just tied the most touchdown passes in a football game. Ever. In the history of the game. You are amazing, my friend.
Are you ready for some football?! My app  kicked off a football deck. Sunday night just got a lot funner. 
He did it! He won the marathon! Congrats  on completing the  Incredible. Now run back to LA. We got a show tomorrow
Our trick-or-treaters are bobbing for Apples. The iPads are easy to get w/your teeth. Getting it from the bottom of the bucket's a challenge
My EP  is running the  Post a pic of him w/  for a chance to win tix to 12 Days 
Good thing they carved that pumpkin or they might have never found that baby. 
. got a Fergalicioius scare on my show.  
Happy Halloween,  
. and I had a dance party backstage, or should I say, it was Karla Kardashian and a kow. I mean cow.

I'll see you at Thanksgiving.  
Need some last-minte costume ideas for your kids? I did the leg work for you. So did Ethan. 
It's the last day to win a 12 Days tkt from  Run, don’t walk to get  the board game! 
I ❤️  
. is on my Halloween show! Poor thing. 
Prepare yourselves. Here is Part 2 of Andy and  haunted house adventure. 
Don't miss my Halloween show tomorrow! Love, Karla. 
If you have a Heads Up! fail, I wanna see it! You could win $1,500 from   
The world needs more teachers like these. 
Happy   
Andy isn’t the only one who gets scared! Happy  from  and me. 
Glad  cast had time to make a movie when they weren’t busy seeing each other naked 

My Halloween Show airs tomorrrow! Happy  
I need to get an unlisted number.  
It’s here. Part 1 of Andy and  haunted house. Don’t miss part 2 tomorrow when it gets truly weird. 
Tomorrow we will find out if Sandra Bullock has ever tried online dating.  
This is the face of bravery. A firefighter who saves a puppy from a burning building. I'm so grateful to you. 
. &amp; I played a game where we saw how much cash we could get in our bra. Or as I call it, Friday at Oprah’s 
Only 24 little hours left before this happens.    
We’ve got a long way to go for breast cancer research, but $2M is a big step. Thanks   
Julia Roberts! Happy birthday to America’s Sweetheart, from America’s Tweetheart.
The countdown is on. My Halloween show is this Friday. I hope you’re ready. 
Thanks for being here. And for dancing like this.   
My book “Home" comes out today! You can order it here right now. You could get “Home” before you get home. 
Scary Underwood  
I’ll give you anything you want, just please go in there again. 
It’s that magic time of year when people put their babies into pumpkins. 
I hooked up my IT team with some new PC laptops. Apparently the IT office is right next to the gym.  
Courtney Wagner lost her battle with cancer, but won so many others along the way. We'll never forget her spirit. 
2 more days. 2 more days. 2 more days.  
My book “Home” comes out tomorrow! Today’s the last day to pre-order. You’ll be an “early adopter.” I know the lingo 
Big news   is doing an outdoor concert on my show. Bigger news  You just got a chance to be here for it 
It's not too late to win a huge prize at the University of Kansas! You're gonna be on my show at 5pm!
Glad you’re okay after taking a spill. You woulda been safer if you had been wearing my gift   
I love to help deserving people. When I see others doing the same, nothing makes me happier. 
Happy birthday,  I hope you’re celebrating in your birthday pantsuit.
It’s go time, U of Kansas! Get to the hill in front of the Campanile Memorial to be on my show. Come dressed as royalty and win BIG!!
You are going to want to see this on Thursday! 
1hr left before I see you dressed as royalty at the Campanile Memorial at the U of Kansas. It’s the World Series of Twitter hits! 
Oh hey U of Kansas  if you could also show up dressed as royalty - kings, queens, etc. BIG prize at stake. See you at 3pm, CST!
Hey  I hope you’re ready! Be at the hill in front of the Campanile Memorial at 3pm today. You won’t be sorry. Let’s play ball.
My episode of  airs tonight! I can’t wait for you to see it. I’m talking to you, 

Big things planned for the University of Kansas tomorrow. You free around noon, Jayhawks? I hope you bring your A-game. 
My book “Home” comes out Tuesday. It’s perfect for your home, your friends' homes, families’ homes or Katie Holmes. 
Happy birthday,  You know that giant cake in your kitchen? I’m hiding in it.
My brother has a new EP out! Check out “Only Summer” by The Lightjackets. I was on tambourine. 
Hey, everybody at the University of Kansas, if you're as excited as I am about the World Series, I hope you're free on Monday. 
3 more days until my new interior design book “Home” hits stores! I love homes. I’ve lived in them all my life. 
I told a story from my   on my show. Normally I’d save it all for Sunday, but  made me. 
My book “Home” comes out Tues! Pre-order it from Barnes &amp; Noble. I can’t imagine anything more noble. Or more barnes 
I played 5 Second Rule with   
This is so adorable it’s scary. Happy  
. bought 10% of Weight Watchers. That’s a lot of trees. 
Hey everybody!  was here and they sang “Hey Everybody!” 
If there’s anything better than waking up to a new  song, I don’t know what it is. Hello. 
My book “Home” comes out Tuesday! Not out of the closet, out for sale. Although there are some great closets in it. 
I’m gonna be on   on  Tune in. Everyone who watches gets a degree

A study says there’s a 99% chance of an earthquake in L.A. in the next 3 years, and a 100% chance we’ll be saved by Dwayne  Johnson.
I hope somebody tells  I’m taken. 
. updated me on his dating status. 
. talks about his butt. 
Happy birthday  I got you exactly what you’ve always wanted. A tweet from me.
Happy   I hope you’re ready for this year's Halloween. 
 Hey Brian, I’m inspired! 
"I’m so sorry you have to go through this.”  
This Halloween house deserves a prize. So does its neighbors. 
If I’ve learned anything, it’s if a loved one is coming out of anesthesia, film it. 
My new book “Home” comes out on Tuesday! It’s about how to make your home more homie. Pre-order yours here, homie. 
 Get your lightsaber ready! 
. I hope you see this. Unbelievable. 
Happy birthday,  West! You put the  in embryology.
Today is the day they go back to in "Back to the Future"! And look! We finally have hoverboards.  
Happy  
OMG I love  new song,  
Always good to see my boy Mario. 

 
 
Happy birthday  Sending love to you &amp; your wife, Emily Blunt. I mean how adorable are you two? 
My audience won a big prize. I won’t say what it is but it was from TCL.   
It’s up to U K.    
I wonder who gets the most treats.  
Can't wait for Star Wars! I turned down the role of Vader’s secret lover when I found out how she dies. Hope that doesn’t give away anything
No words for this. 
This is breaking news you are going to want to see.  
The most anticipated week in the history of television is back.   
Thanks for your questions about my sweater. It IS from  and you CAN get it here!  
Love my Heads Up! board game from  Wanna come to a 12 Days show? If you answered “yes,” tap here. 
Yellow-bellied sea snakes are highly venomous. Please be careful. 1 was spotted on a CA beach. Even scarier, he already has 6 Tinder matches
This is the only cooking lesson you’ll ever need. 
Guess who.  
Happy 28th birthday  You’re finally as many years old as you have abs.
Don’t miss  Live At The Apollo on  tonight at 10pm! 
I’m about to go live on  with my ED On Air holiday collection! Tune in. I’ll QVC you soon.  
Thanks  for playing this with me. You are a  
That’s either his tail or he’s holding a feather duster. Happy  Cat Week starts on Monday! 
Her voice is beautiful. So is her courage. What an amazing moment. 
I played a new game called “Wrecking Balls” with  You heard me. 
Tinder made some updates to their app. You’re totally gonna swipe right on this one.

Backstreet’s back, all right. And I’m helping them bring the Spice Girls with them.  
 This is dedicated to my mom, my aunts &amp; women everywhere affected by Breast Cancer. I love you. 

Pumpkin picking can be exhausting. 
This dance was nothing short of incredible. 
. knows how to get down. 
What kind of underwear does  wear? Now you’ll know thanks 2 my friends   
Happy   
Be kind to one another  
You were wonderful. I'm so glad I turned my chair around.  
Presidential candidate  is ready for his entrance onto my show.

I’m nominated for Adweek’s Social Media award! Vote for your favorite, however blonde or blue eyed she may be. 
On my show tomorrow, Senator and presidential candidate  Or, as I call him, Sandy. 
Welcome to Instagram,  That’s quite a snake you’ve got there. You heard me. 
Violet’s dream was to come to my show. I didn’t even realize that my dream was to meet Violet. 
Happy  
These two need a reality show together. 
Tonight is the debate! Will I watch? Debatable. 
"When the pain of where you’re at is stronger than the fear of where you’re going, then you’ll move forward.” 
Our movement is picking up steam! And by “steam” I mean a celebrity.   
You can win $5K cash AND a $5K  gift card from my ED collection! It’s an EDcellent idea. 
. and I are getting ready for Halloween. 
I just got asked to do the cover of Playboy next March. I hope you’re ready for this, America!
I think this woman hit 10,000 steps on her Fitbit. 
Nick the Gardener helped Kate Winslet get up to speed on gardening. He really gave her the shirt off his back. 
This  performance is about to knock your socks off. 
I love this so much… a 4-year-old girl singing to inspire her mother who's fighting cancer. 
I love seeing your bad hair day photos.  
I hope your mood is buckled in. Because it’s about to get boosted. 
Happy bday  &amp;  Mario, I hope you celebrate with your shirt off. Wendi, I hope you’re the one taking it off.
Half nelson. Whole adorableness. 
Ya know that friend who knew about Heads Up! before anyone? That could be you right now. Check my new game, Psych! 
My audience showed me their Bad Behavior in this round of Heads Up! Now on   
I may have scared  while she was here. Just a little. Twice. 
“He Named Me Malala” opens in theaters today &amp; if you want to be inspired to change the world, I recommend you see it 
Amazing. All this time, I’ve been wasting my wrappers on chewed gum. 
Today I introduced the world to my squad.  , I hope you’re watching.  
 An all-new, ice-breaking party game from the folks behind Heads Up!  

These sorority girls may have spent the whole time at my show takings selfies, but at least I was in ‘em. 
Happy birthday, Matt Damon! I promise we are doing everything we can to get you back from Uranus. 
Bubble Trouble  
Happy    
. For your bday, I’m giving you a song idea. Did you know some doctors don’t validate parking? Untouched territory right there.
It’s World Octopus Day! How do you make an Octopus laugh? Give him ten tickles.  
This gave me chills. 
If you love Heads Up!, I'm about to blow your mind. Check out my free new game, Psych!   
England our time has come! Scotland Ireland &amp; Wales the moment is now! Let’s unite for our dream 

“Blood Lions” airs on MSNBC tonight at 10pm and 11pm. If you care as much about protecting lions as I do, I know you’ll watch.
Who doesn’t love a couple of birds on their head? Wait, I found someone. 
. may have just lost his title as the fastest man on Earth. 
Happy  
This is the fastest man on Earth  and me losing a push-up contest. 
You even look gorgeous in a lab coat. Thank you for saying "Uranus" on national television. 
If you love playing Epic or Fail as much as I do, check out the first episode of the Epic or Fail show on  
You don’t have to be at the beach to enjoy an  Hope this clip doesn’t bog you down  
There’s already a sequel to  coming out, and this one stars  West. 
Everyone’s a comedian. 
. &amp;  are having a baby! We don't know if it's a boy or a girl but he or she already won season 44 of SYTYCD.
Times have changed. When I was 13, “Snapchat” was what my mom called it when I talked back to her.
They’re really starting to see things eye to eye. 
 Musical Mammogram Reminder  
What a fun weekend. 
I had a few emails with  that I noticed she didn’t share. I thought I should share them now. 
Happy birthday, Kate Winslet! Near, far, wherever you are.
Thank you Lost &amp; Found Pets of South Carolina. If you’re looking for or found a pet, connect here. SC, I love you. 
Thank you to all the heroes in South Carolina helping the people affected by these floods. We’re all sending you love.
 
You got it. Feel free to keep winning.  
Brian, Jackson &amp; I convinced our friend  to play tonight. I thought this would be a good time to remind you 
The Warning is performing at House of Blues a week from today, Oct 11th! You’ve been Warned.  
Be stylish. Be supportive.  
Happy birthday,  I hope I get to see you soon. Just tell me where and Gwen.
Veronica was caught playing hooky in my audience, so I had to school her myself. 
  with our new   series 
Girls can grow up to be anything they want. Just look at my friend, UFC fighter   
Glad to have a partner like  who gives back the way I do - with dignity, respect &amp; head stockings.  
One of my favorite stories ever. 
I can’t imagine what the families of UCC are going through. The world is rising up to hold you in the light. I hope you can feel our love.
Happy  
They don't call you Saints for nothing. 
Cute ponytail. Cute mustache. 
Happy  
Took a selfie &amp;  West magically appeared. Post a fruit selfie w/  
I assume this will be the cover of your next book. 
Here are  West’s thoughts on Caitlyn’s journey  
If this is your first day finding me on Snapchat, you picked a good day. Find me. I’m “Ellen" 
This kid is amazing. Watch his whole performance on my Vessel page.  
I sent Jeannie to make her Broadway debut. She was Wicked good. 
Happy birthday,  Whether you’re dancing, DJ-ing, or getting your thighs waxed on national television, I always love ya.
It's  So many places to get free coffee. I feel great! Great great great great! What a great idea. Great great great.
 Dance like  taught you. 
Oh nae nae he didn’t. 
I know Matt Damon is a good guy. I was happy to help set the record straight (or gay. Up to you) 
“No, you give ME a boost.” 
This is what real positivity looks like. I know Emilee's going to inspire you as much as she inspires me. 
 
Happy Birthday,  I just double-checked. I could have sworn it was so yesterday.
Claire Danes is here for the first time today, and I have a feeling it won’t be her last.  
We saw the Super Moon! I had no idea it would be so bright!    
My holiday collection on  kicks off in 10 minutes! I’ll be there live. I hope you will be too. 
Happy  
I thought this was pretty bunny. 
You never know when I might pop up in your living room. 
What does a Greek person shout when they’re watching OWN? OPRAH! 
Happy birthday, Will Smith! I hope you’re chillin’ out, maxin’ and relaxin’ all cool.

Happy   
Handshakes can be intimidating. 
This is what happens when you combine Heads Up and Angry Birds.   
I showed some of   photos on the show. Now I wanna see yours! Send ‘em to me here. 
What you want. Baby they got it. 
It’s National Punctuation Day!?!;” ’&gt;./,+{=
Butterflies can be so merciless. 
My wife looks beautiful at every moment, at every angle. Here’s my proof.  
The world’s gonna miss you, Yogi. 
I love Jon Stewart. Thank you to the  for the amazing support of  
It’s  
I’ve heard wonderful things about your appearance.  
This Trumps all previous Republican debates. 
Dytto was incredible, but I feel terrible her CD kept skipping. 
Happy  These people really know how to celebrate. 
It’s Yom Kippur. If you’re atoning, I forgive you. If you’re not atoning, I still forgive you.
I need a table of laughing babies. 
We miss you already. 
I picked out this video for you. It’s just something I saw in the window. 
. really is a Scream Queen. 
Dylan met Taylor! Taylor met Dylan! This makes me so happy. 
My show was on the red carpet of the  handing out water bottles. I’m kidding. We had tequila. 
Look! It’s Tiny Trumps.  
. loves animals. I love Ricky Gervais. 
Happy birthday,  I found a new fan of yours. Watch the whole video on ellentube   
Today is an International Day of Peace. I'm going to celebrate tomorrow too. And the next day. And the next… 
. you're spectacular. 
. that Emmy goes really well with your smokey eye. 
You guys, Olive Kitteridge just won my fantasy football league. 
Thanks  I had DVRed all of those shows.
I love when TV makes a difference. Grateful to  &amp; Transparent for breaking ground and so happy for their win. 
. broke the record for acting  That doesn't even count the ones she's won for Sound Mixing for a Variety or Special.
Happy birthday,  I had so much fun beating you in our lip sync battle. B! better have my trophy. Sending love.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work. 
. is a great guy. Happy to help! 

Women can play football. They can also win a brand new   
   
 Congrats to   on making the Top  list   
Consider my mood boosted. Watch the whole video on ellentube   
Happy   
. was here for the first time. I adore her. 
This young girl inspires me. I’m so proud of her.    
 Had a blast with    On today!
Why can’t he feel his face? Is she holding his arms down? 
Happy   
You two are so good together it's scary.  
This is why I don't have children. Or blueberry smoothies. 
Burnell did something incredible for NOLA. My friends at  did something incredible for him.  
Happy birthday, Amy Poehler! There’s so much to love about you, from Parks &amp; Rec, to SNL to Inside Out, and of course, your Golden Globes.
I promise, you are going to want to watch. 
Babies and dogs posing for photos isn’t easy. These two have it licked. 
Check out the cool new underwear in the Ellen Shop! Shoot, they were just here. Now I can’t see them. 
NYC was so much fun. Thanks for sending us,  
. learned how to whip and nae nae on my show todae dae. 
Happy birthday, Prince Harry! I got you a special gift- a blind date with any of my Twitter followers. Your pick! You’re welcome.
LIVE on  Viral Video Meeting 
That’s what I call a perfect answer.  
This student hit a lucky shot at a basketball game. He hit a luckier one here, thanks to    
Happy  
. showed my Executive Producer  some of her moves. Stay down, Andy. Stay down. 
I hope everyone had a great weekend. I know Mia did.  
Happy  to all of my Jewish friends! I dipped my apple in honey and tooted my shofar. Shofar shogood.
Tomorrow, Andy meets  He also meets the floor.  
We should write a song together. 
Happy birthday  I hope you spend it doing what you love-
day drinking.
I hit a NYC sorority. That didn't sound right. I brought a suitcase of cash. That's worse. It was Cash At Your Dorm. 
Happy birthday,  I can't get that song "I Just Haven't Met You Yet" out of my head.
 Celebrating  last night at BG w/      
 Just Amazing!    
 More from last night!  &amp;  came by to celebrate with    
Every time I come to New York, I remember how powerful the spirit of this city is. Especially today. NYC, I love you. 
Happy   
 Thank you!
I love New York. I also love my new New York items in the Ellen Shop. 
Before you watch her on my show today, watch her Whip. And of course, watch her Nae Nae.  
Macey met  Politics has never been more adorable. 
. must be really excited to have me. He put my name on the door and everything. 
Happy  
My ready-to-wear line is available at  And if you ask me, it looks pretty Goodman.  
You're about to be lip sunk. 
I ❤️  We never go out of style. 
So proud of Malala &amp; all she does for education. I want her students to have every opportunity. So I gave them iPads. 
These girls are amazing. I love that they're a part of my  x ED campaign.   
Happy  Though I'm 96% sure those are both dogs. 
Happy birthday,  I got ya something special. It's RIGHT BEHIND YOU! I'm just kiddin'. I'm Ellen.
My second show at 30 Rock is starting in half an hour! NYC, I hope to see you here.  
We tweet. We text. We never email. Funny.  
 .  helped me give  a very special surprise on the show today - can't wait for you to se… h…
I made a  book of my safari photos using  But you can see them right here. 
I can't think of a better way for  to celebrate her birthday than on my NYC show! Come by at 5pm and wish her a happy birthday.
No better day to start Season 13 than on my Executive Producer  birthday. Happy birthday! Now get back to work.
I thought I'd start Season 13 with a bang. Or a thud.  
You won't want to miss a second of Premiere Week. Season 13 starts today. 
If you missed me you'd come to New York.  
I think you’re outstanding. That’s why I want you out standing at 30 Rock tmrw 5pm. Literally. There are no seats. 
New York Premiere tapes tomorrow.   
I'm so excited to be on  for the very first time tomorrow morning at 9am! I hope he doesn't ask me to strip.
L.A. Premiere airs tomorrow.  makes her 1st talk show appearance. 
Are you in NYC? Wanna see my  window on 58th and 5th ave? Me too. How’s 3pm for you? 
Everybody's excited for Premiere Week. And I mean everybody.  

I've only been here a day and they already gave me a trophy. Thanks   
I'm here, New York!  
Season 13 starts in 2 DAYS!  
LIVE on  Walking to the GAP on 54th and 5th avenue in Manhattan.  
How cute is this pop up shop? I think I'll pop in. Come by and say hi. 
I hear my  x ED pop up shop at the GAP store at 54th and 5th looks great. I may have to pop by today.
3 more days! Premiere Week kicks off in LA and NYC. I hope you’re ready.  
Why was the sheep itchy? It had fleece. 
Happy Birthdeyoncé!
4 days until I'm kicking off Season 13!  
I was so happy I got a chance to talk face to face with  Her journey is fascinating. 
One more  Pantsuits you can believe in... 
. is on my NYC premiere. 
Happy   
If this isn’t on his Tinder profile, he has seriously missed an opportunity. 
5 more days! 5 more days! Season 13 is almost here.  
Happy  
I can’t wait to meet this incredible young woman. Premiere Week starts in 6 days!  
Happy birthday to my brother, Vance. I feel like I’ve known you my whole life. 
6 days to Season 13! Premiere Week starts in LA &amp; ends in NYC! I’m so excited. I haven’t been bicoastal since college 
I love  That’s why I’m helping them raise awareness for pediatric cancer.   
Some people prefer suntan lotion, but whatever gets the job done. 
I’m so sorry. That was supposed to say, I can’t wait to see your new movie, “Grandma.”
Happy birthday  I can’t wait to see your new movie, Grandma.
1 week from today! Premiere Week kicks off in L.A. &amp; then we finish it out in the Big Apple thanks to  
Season 13 starts one week from tomorrow! I’ll be there soon NYC!  
Thank you,  for donating the proceeds from the “Wildest Dreams” video to the animals. &amp; thank you  for being you
Vincent makes a great babysitter. So long as he doesn’t actually sit on the baby. 
Mrs. Portia de Rossi 
The world has lost an incredible man. Wayne Dyer officiated our wedding &amp; was an inspiration to so many. Sending love 
Only 9 more days to the season premiere! NYC, I hope you’re ready. I’m coming during premiere week!  
It’s 10 days and counting to Season 13! Don’t miss my two episodes in NYC during premiere week!  
Happy  Yep. That’s adorable. 
Where’s the best place to make scones? The yeast coast. 
Zero was a concept invented by the Babylonians, Mayans, and Indians. Thanks for nothing, guys. 
11 more days until my Season 13 premiere. Don’t miss  during premiere week!  
So THAT’s what you mean.  
Happy   
I feel so bad about my role in Usain Bolt’s little accident. 
12 days and counting to Season 13.  
Being adorable is exhausting. 
Any Ellen Shop purchase means you could win tix to my show. Buy a mug &amp; I might see your mug in my audience. 
Happy  
Happy birthday,  The world is a funnier, more beautiful, and more loving place with you in it.
13 days until my Season 13 premiere! NYC, I’m coming for ya.  
My heart goes out to the two journalists who were shot in Virginia this morning. My show airs on  every day. Sending love to you all.
I love scaring people. Especially in a museum. 
What did Homer Simpson say when he checked his stocks this morning? DOW! Too soon?
These are some lucky kids. 
This just made my day.    
  
If you’ve got a  x ED outfit on for your  I wanna see it! 
Happy  
Just got off the phone with my investment broker. Wow. Somebody’s got a case of the Mondays. 
. comedy special is tonight on HBO. Watch if you like comedy, or jokes, or funny things, or laughing a lot. If not, skip it.
I  for  to get $500k. I also vote for every charity to get $500k. Is that an option? 
Sorry for the delay,  I was just tweeting with  
Girls can be anything they want to be. Even President of the United States.  
Did you hear about the guy who was addicted to the hokey pokey? I’m happy to say he turned himself around. 
Fun Fact   love interest in Bridesmaids is her real-life husband! Funner Fact  He just joined Twitter. Welcome 
Did you hear about the guy who invented the door knocker? He won the no-bell prize. 
I do a great robot.   
If you missed my  Harvest Show last night, you can get it all right here. Happy harvesting! 
Just had a  scone &amp; a delicious  Chai. Also had an Oprah biscuit, an Oprah fruit cup &amp; Oprah fondue. I had brunch at Oprah’s
Happy   
What do you mean, what do I mean, "What Do You Mean?" That’s Justin’s new single. "What Do You Mean." I mean really. 
This is the best reason I’ve ever seen to eat your Wheaties. Congratulations, Leah Still. You are a champion. 
Sending love to all the families and all the firefighters working so hard on these fires. Thank you for all you do.
I love this.  
. is pregnant! Sending you love while you gestate. I gestate, too. I gestate a breakfast burrito.
Happy  
Groundbreaking news, everyone. El Niño will be coming to Los Angeles. That’s right.  is gonna be on my premiere week.
Happy birthday,  I'm talking to your wife on my premiere week. Just thought you should know in case you want to set your DVR.
It’s World Humanitarian Day! Let’s celebrate those who devote their lives to making the world a better place for us, and all of humanitary.
Everyone’s excited for my season premiere. Some people might be a little too excited. Season 13 starts September 8th! 
Starbucks announced that they’re adding real pumpkin to their Pumpkin Spice Latte. My pumpkins have been real since 1958.
 
Mission Impossible, eat your heart out. 
Can’t wait to bring another wonderful Disney character to life. All I’m asking for is an audition. 
 is taking my whole show to NYC and you could come with us! Seriously. I hope you’re packed. 
Get ready. My NYC premiere shows will be at 30 Rock! It’ll be just like the tree lighting ceremony, except the only thing lit will be me.
These 3 women are changing the world. They’re also on my premiere week, starting September 8th. 
I went with this one!   
Thank you to all the teens who chose me. I'll see ya for my Season 13 premiere on September 8th! Peace out, yo. 
Getting ready to go to the  Which  piece will I wear? 
H-B-D  Sun-Day-Brunch. YOU WANNA? 
It’s Clear the Shelters Day. I hope everyone gets to know the joy of adopting a rescue pet. There’s no better feeling.
Happy birthday, Jennifer Lawrence! You make 25 look great. Who am I kidding? You make everything look great.
Benjamin Franklin tried to figure out how lightning worked. Then it struck him. 
Brothers can be a real drag. 
Did you hear about the circle who joined the Knights of the Round Table? They called him Sir Cumference. 
Happy birthday, Halle Berry! I hope it’s full of surprises. 
I think I just found your new 5th member,   
ED on Air is back on  tonight at 10pm ET! Tune in and check out all of my items perfect for fall. You’ll be like, “Oh my gourd!”
All she needs now is a tiny, tiny daiquiri. 
Happy    &amp; my EPs  &amp;  Thank you for all of your beautifully smudged notes.
Don’t worry, Tom. Season 13 premieres September 8th. 
Happy  
This is hilarious. 
This is a reason why I don’t eat meat. Warning  The video in this story is hard to watch. 
Ellen Shop summer sale! This plate holder is guaranteed to get you out of parking tkts (guarantee void in US &amp; Guam). 
It’s  I wanted to make sure you didn’t forget. Unless you’re an elephant. Then I know you didn’t forget.
Lauren and Andy are in front of the Museum of Natural History with a pair of tix to my NY shows. If you can find them first, they're yours.
What better way to launch Season 13 than with a new song that  wrote just for me? Today’s the day! 
That was sweet of her to do. 
It’s time for a fresh, new round of Epic or Fail. If you have a video like one of these, post it on  
If you have an animal selfie, send it to me! If this is an animal, give it to a person &amp; tell them to send it to me. 
. &amp;  are in NYC getting ready for premiere week. They may have tkts to the show. They may not. 
Happy Birthday  &amp;  That gives me a great idea  You know who should be on "How to Get Away with Murder"? Thor.
She helps me with the sun in my eyes. 
Instant happiness.  
Happy birthday, Justin Theroux! You’re a wonderful person theroux and theroux.
Happy  
Joaquin Phoenix is part of a documentary with an important message about humanity. I'm happy to be a part of it too. 
Sending love to  over the loss of her husband, Frank. You are in our thoughts today.
Happy birthday, Heaven King! I hope you have some great new dances to show me this season. 
Two muffins are in an oven. One says to the other, “It’s getting warm in here.” The other says, “OMG A TALKING MUFFIN!” 
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them. 
No one has made news so funny, or made comedy such big news.   
ED on Air is on  tonight at 10pm ET! Go! Tune in QVCly. 
Guess who’s gonna be a Human of New York 
My Season Premiere Week. LA. NYC. September 8th. Mic drop.
Happy  
I thought you said this was business casual. 
I can’t believe the news from  I hope it wasn’t another frog. Or pig. I’m not entirely sure how that lifestyle works.
Before you take a nice group photo, make sure you weed out the riff-giraffe. 
Happy birthday,  Sending love to you, Michelle, Sasha, Malia, Bo, Sunny and VP Jazzy Joe.
Siri, tweet the video of all the kids on  talking to you. 
. I support you and I love you. Thank you for speaking up for gun control today.
It's  I hope you enjoy a delicious watermelon today the way nature intended it- with a bottle of vodka stuck in it.
Having a great summer vacation. Picked up a robot hitchhiker near Philly. He wanted to ride on the roof. Then I never saw him again. Crazy.
The bags have eyes. 
Happy birthday,  I made you an apron using only leftover bakery string, a paper plate and a gourd from my garden.
Thanks for tweeting. If you wanna write a rap about it too, I wouldn’t say no to that.  
There’s nothing sweeter than a little kitten 
If you’re as outraged as I am about Cecil the lion, let’s do something. Help the Humane Society protect African lions 
Keep cool. Look cool.  
Happy birthday,  You’re more than just a receptionist. You also make wonderful Oreo peanut butter brownies.
The story of Cecil the lion is devastating. I hope everyone as outraged as I am turns it into a commitment to change. Animals deserve better
 
Happy birthday, Sandra Bullock and  I hope you’re both celebrating together. At a Ruby Tuesday.
Happy birthday,  Actress. Singer. Mother. Entrepreneur. Humanitarian. Fly Girl.
Happy   
It’s Christmas in July on  tonight, 7pm ET. See my line and join the fun. 
Ambrose Jones, you killed it tonight on 
That’s one lucky couch. 
They're always here for you. Or your Uber driver.  
Happy  
Someone watching my show this week is coming to my 12 Days of Giveaways! Find out more, here.  
Only 2 more days to send your  video and win a trip to my show! I can’t wait to see what your kids are up to. 
 
Happy birthday,  You sure are good Lukin’.
There’s nothing better than a hug from a furry friend. Even better if it’s an animal.  
Happy   
Happy birthday,  I hope today inspires you as much as you inspire me.
Happy  
Happy birthday,  This is still one of my favorite moments from the show. 
 
What do you call 8 rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare line. 
Happy birthday,  Sus zapatos son más verdes que Tarzán. I learned that just for you.
Now, for a limited time, you can shop ED by Ellen on Twitter! How tweet it is. 
Happy   
There’s nothing better than a great vacation photo. But these are good, too.  
These girls take their Aretha Franklin seriously. 
Happy  
Thank you for all the love and support for  If you get anything, post a photo!
This week, someone's winning $50K. As in thousand. As in five zero. As in 8 more than 42. Watch my show &amp; win! 
Who's ready for a spa day? 
 
That's my game! Clearly this is why you won.   
We're the champions! Congrats to  &amp; Japan on an amazing game. And now the Golden Globes are next? I thought those were in January.
10 minutes in and my score keeping hand is already tired. Go  
Happy 4th of July! I hope you take this time to celebrate one of the most important things about being an American – 3-day weekends.
Time for a cat nap. Happy  
Why is  great at playing shortstop? She’s all about that base. 
Happy   
Have ya checked out  yet? Do it now! That conference call can wait 5 minutes. They’re probably not all on yet anyway.
My Watch and Win this week is $25k! Don’t thank me. Thank   
If you love lions as much as I do, I hope you’ll support this movie.  
 Also super excited for  for her new launch....  👏👏👏
  congrats on the new line  !!! ☁️
So that’s how it works. 
This story could have a happy ending, with our help. Sending love to  
 Edbyellen polo in red! Ellen hopped into my picture wearing her Edbyellen 
 LOVE my new ED polo shirt!!  
Watch my cousins  &amp;  of  new show  today at 8pET  (I’m sure we’re related somehow)
 opens today! Don’t miss   
 . is breaking down some magic moves from  
Happy  
 Woo hoo!  Congrats on your new collection    

xo k-dub
It’s National  I can’t believe how few people in the US know it. As if I dressed up as a Mountie for no reason.
I can't wait for you to feel the fabric. I know you're a material girl.  
Happy birthday,  In your own wise words, “izyer fremedipin flanyacoma.”
We're going to the finals!  
 You're always an inspiration to me  Congrats on your new clothing line 
 My girl  has a new clothing line  Sharing her style w/the world. Who doesn't want …
Congrats Aaron White! You’re this week's Epic or Fail winner! $100 gift card! Don’t forget to send yours to ellentube 
 I love supporting inspiring women doing their thing! Congrats  on your new clothing line 
My clothing line  is finally here! I hope you love it as much as I do.

Everyone in my house is gearing up for the big  launch tomorrow!

 
Any purchase in the Ellen Shop means you could win 2 tickets to my show! I like those odds.   
Happy birthday,  Every year, you just get sweeter and funnier and pickler.
If this cat photo doesn’t belong on my Good Things Tumblr, I don’t know what does.  
My new clothing line, ED by Ellen, launches on Tuesday! Until then, you can check out our Instagram page. 
Love won. 
Happy   
 to that time you invited me to be in Ghostbusters.  
SketchShe strikes again. Hammer time. 
Happy birthday,  Thank you for all you do for animals. They asked me to write this tweet to you.
Happy  
There are lots of kittens at Best Friends Animal Society this month. Find out how you can help them right here. 
For everyone wanting to know, Tayt made it through the surgery. I’m sending a lot of love to the family of his donor. 
. &amp;  won my hashtag contest! That means their  ideas will be in the 2016 Olympics! Probably.
Y’all had some wonderful ideas for a  I’ll let the committee know. 
Tayt is getting a new heart today. Please send all of your hopes and prayers that this surgery goes well.  
If you’re looking for something wonderful to do on August 1st, I found it. 
They’ve got great acceleration, but the traction on the turns is a little iffy 
Happy birthday,  You’re a wonderful mrusician and a wonderful mran.
Think of your favorite music from a movie. Odds are it was composed by James Horner. What an incredible talent. What an incredible loss.
We’re getting close to the launch of ED by Ellen! But for now, you can follow on Instagram! 
There are 8 nominations for new Olympic events. I wanna hear yours. Tweet me your  ideas for this week's hashtag contest!
I sent my writer Adam to CatCon. It’s a convention for people who are crazy about cats, &amp; some who are just crazy. 
Thanks to  someone's winning $15K by watching my show! Sounds like a good gig to me  
It’s Meryl Streep’s birthday! She’s been nominated for an Oscar 19 times. That’s as many times as I’ve watched Devil Wears Prada. This week.
This is the most intense game of chicken I’ve ever seen. 
. you’re in the biggest movie in the world, it’s your birthday and it's Father’s Day. Congratulations. Today is yours.
Happy Father’s Day! I hope you take a photo just like these.  
Easy like Sunday morning. 
Jon Stewart's monologue about Charleston is so powerful and I can't watch it enough. 
It’s  
Happy birthday,  Sending love to you and your partner,  MUSIC PARTNER. I meant music partner.
Check it out — now you can tweet and shop at the same time! I call it twopping. I hope you twop ’til you dwop. 
Would you? Could you? On a train? 
Happy   
Happy birthday,  I know “Yesterday” came to you in your sleep. I’ve always wanted to tell you this...I was singing it to you.
I believe there's more love in the world than hate. We need to show it today. Sending my love to Charleston.
Congrats Amy! You’re this week's Epic or Fail winner! Post your Epic or Fail video to ellentube for you chance to win 
Happy  
We’ll be landing early. 
 new video looks amazing. Fun Fact  if you add the cast of it to the cast of  Bad Blood you get everyone on Earth.
Happy birthday,  I love yourself. 
 
Someone watching my show is gonna win $10K this week! Look out for the  Money Term  
As Abraham Lincoln said, “You can’t believe everything you read on the Internet." Tweet me YOUR favorite  Hashtag contest!
Happy birthday   &amp;  What're the odds 3 of my favorite people are born the same day? Almost 1 in 100.
Great news! I just booked a part on  I play a trash-talking lady’s maid with a wooden-- never mind. They just killed her off.
If you loved my design show, I’ve got big news. It’s coming back for season 2 on  Hold on to your brad nailers! 
I’m nominated for a Teen Choice Award! Further proof that teens always make good choices. 
I sent Noah Ritter to the red carpet of the "Jurassic Park" premiere. What can I say? I’m full of good decisions. 
Hockey stick? Check. Pink tutu? Check. 
Lots of good lookin’ fellas on my show today, like this one who told me about dancing in a thong. Better him than me. 
Why did Helvetica swipe left on Times New Roman? He wasn’t her type. 
 Coming in hot 
There are still 3 more people to win  ellentube contest. Send me a video!   
Happy   
These boxers make a perfect Father’s Day gift for Dad. They also make a perfect one for Mom.  
This was a great surprise. I’m pretty sure this aunt thinks she’s getting a baby. 
Happy  
Happy Pride Month! Here’s how my friends  are celebrating.  
Check this out. This is insane. 
Happy  
Happy birthday  Party like you're  'Cause Upton funk gon give it to ya! I’ll be honest, that sounded better in my head
I love having my own show. Now, I wanna see your show. Upload an episode to ellentube! You never know what could happen. 
. &amp;  playing “Never Have I Ever” is 1 of my favorite moments. They’ve never not done a whole lot 
Y’all sure do like a  Thanks for tweeting! Congrats to the winners,  and  
What you want. Baby, they’ve got it. 
Happy BDay Johnny Depp, Natalie Portman &amp; Michael J. Fox! Hope ya spend it writing a wacky love-triangle romantic com. I’d totally see that.
 The struggle is real 
US is playing Australia in the Women’s World Cup! Those are two of my favorite countries. I’m rooting for everyone. 
What do you call an exact replica of George Clooney? George Cloney. Tweet me your favorite  for this week’s hashtag contest!
Dog got your tongue? 
Remember, you can do anything. And if you can’t, you can probably watch someone else do it on YouTube. 
Happy  to my National Bestie,  And of course, my International Bestie, 
I didn’t know you could be this smart and this adorable at the same time. I love Macey Hensley. 
Happy birthday,  I hope you’re celebrating. Last year was ca-razy! I still have that slide whistle I won at the ring toss.
Happy birthday,  I was going to tell you how fancy you are, but then I remembered you already know.
. won the French Open! Incredible. Congrats to you &amp; the entire Williams family — Venus, Vanessa, Michelle &amp; Robbie.
Why can't horses run for Congress? They always vote neigh. 
Tawne submitted her story to me at  and look what happened. See what  can do for you. 
Happy   
I think this could be the first-ever dog ventriloquist.  
What do you call a cat that raps? Whiska-lifa. 
Happy birthday,  In case you missed it, here’s your  cast. 
This is a dramatic scene from a police stop gone wrong. I can’t tell which take I like better. 
Happy   
If you’ve ever dreamed of being on a game show, tomorrow could be your big shot. Heads up! 
Send me a video for my  Summer Lovin’ contest &amp; you could win $10K. Hurry. Summer lovin' happens so fast 
The “Entourage" cast is here! Watch them on the show, and watch them backstage at the same time in the Ellen app.

You were wonderful. Have your entourage call my entourage. 
We’re gonna need a bigger blanket.  
Happy  
Stop what you're doing and listen to this kid. 
The hilarious  was on my show for the very first time. 
I love the videos y’all have been sending in to  Keep ‘em coming! 
Congrats,  and  You may have had terrible  but you won my contest, so clearly it was worth it.
OMG these are hilarious. Thanks for contributing to my  contest! 
You might be on summer vacation, but my show's all new this week! And it’s all new next week, too. It’s the best summer ever. 🎉
. and  are engaged! Congratulations to you both. Now shopping for monogrammed towels for the Azalea-Ps.
Sometimes vacations don’t go the way we planned. Tell me your best  and you could win this week’s hashtag contest!
I’m sending love to  and Leah. I hope you will, too.
Calling all Heads Up virtuosos. Come audition to be a contestant on my game show! 
. is pregnant! North West is going to be a big sister! Congratulations to you, Kanye, and your ever-growing compass.
Happy BDay    With social media I know everyone’s BDay but I write a message instead of call. Isn't it ironic?
My hope for the world is that we can all be as brave as  
Congrats to the graduates! I loved when I got to speak to the Tulane grads. I'm sure by now you’re all millionaires. 
Happy birthday, Clint Eastwood! I gotcha a bunch of lotto scratchers. Do ya feel lucky?
Happy birthday,  I really hope that’s how you spell your name.
If you love videos of funny things and adorable things and me (of course you do), check out my new favorite Twitter,  
What do you call a head with no body and no nose? Nobody knows. 
I do my best thinking sitting on the beach with a dog in a pink hat. (I wear the pink hat. Not the dog). 
I wish everyone had a teacher like this. Amazing. Upload more videos thanking teachers!  
Happy   
Thanks everyone who came to the Heads Up! Game Show contestant open call. If ya missed it, there’s another tomorrow! 
Nothing smells better than a baby’s head. Apparently, nothing tastes better either. 
I love this story. I love this girl. 
Happy  
If you’re in the L.A. area and you’re great at my game Heads Up!, this could be your lucky day. 
In all fairness, I’m pretty sure they can’t read. 
Who wants a kitchen full of brand new  appliances? Raise your hand! Higher! Ok, maybe just enter here. 
. is getting ready for a big race. I wanted to make sure she was in tip-top shape. 
I wonder if they're going to start showing this in health class. 
It’s crazy how much we look alike. 
I’ve scared so many people on my show this season, it’s frightening. 
Congrats to   &amp;  the winners of my  contest! Feel free to put this on your resume.
Thanks for playing my  hashtag challenge! I hope your trips were as thrilling as they sounded. 
All of me loves all of this. 
It’s  so a lot of you are bored on a roadtrip right now. Tweet the dumbest thing you’ve done to stay entertained 
I found some good things to bring to a barbeque this weekend. So, I put them on my Good Things Tumblr. Obviously. 
I hope you get some time to kick back and relax this weekend.  
Ireland did it! The 1st country to legalize marriage equality by popular vote, but they won't be the last! What an incredible accomplishment
Most 5-year-olds love Disneyland. Macey Hensley loves the Reagan Library. 
. is giving a billion dollars to support education.  I’m feeling smarter already. 
 
I’ve got my  I hope you do too. 
It’s been an incredible season thanks to my partners at  who helped me bring so much joy to so many people 
I ❤️   
. final show starts in 15 minutes! East Coast, I hope you're watching. I know I am. 
Tonight is David  final show. What a wonderful, inspiring, hilarious, groundbreaking, amazing ride. 
Happy  
Happy birthday,  You’re a man of so many talents - Actor. Director. President. Ghost.
I gave my audience  ice cream. It’s so delicious! I just got why they call it that.  
I love ya. And I know I’m not the only one. 


There are some really adorable things in the Ellen Shop right now. Babies not included.  
Happy birthday to the two people responsible for making me the woman I am today, my mama and 
Come back anytime. Preferably without a shirt.  
Happy birthday,  
Congrats  I was happy to honor you at your new star, &amp; to be the 1st person to scrape gum off it. 
Thank a teacher &amp; help  give $1 billion to education. That’s just shy of a bajillion. Wow.  
I Loni Love when you’re here. 
. brought me the trailer for his new movie, “We Are Your Friends.” I’m sharing it because You Are My Friends 
 Just tagged u in this awesome cause!   Lets see your moves! 🎉   ht…
Thanks for tweeting me your best  The good news is, you won’t need any of these in the real world. 
Congrats   &amp;  You’re the winners of my  hashtag contest. It’s almost as good as a diploma.
Are you starting a peanut farm? 
I've waited a long time to introduce you to  Find out about my new collection, ED!  
You graduates have learned so much. What’s the biggest lie you told in college? Tweet it and you could win my hashtag contest! 
. is in the  finals! She’s married to my friend,  Vote for her! She’s incredible! 
I’m blown away by the videos inspiring kids to  thru cancer. Make 1. Challenge someone to do the same 
Barack Obama has his own Twitter account. He hasn’t asked for followers yet because he probably doesn’t want to  on the spot.
Spelling a name right on a coffee cup is hard to do, or my name’s not Hellen DinnerGenius.  
Happy birthday, Tina Fey! Thank you for being hilarious, and smart, and for bringing back that sexy librarian look.
Someone who dances their socks off could win $10,000 from  That’s a lotta gold.  
Who knew the First Lady could sing? Check out  new album. 
My perfect Saturday. 
You’ll never forget where you were when you first saw Balang. 
What did one eye say to the other? Don’t look now, but something between us smells. 
Braylon inspires people to  I challenge you to do the same. Make a video &amp; challenge your friends.

I wouldn’t miss it for the world. 
Guy says to a librarian “I’ll have the soup.” She says “You know you’re in a library?” He whispers “I’ll have the soup.” 
 What an amazing talent. What an amazing life. What an amazing legacy.
 Thank you  Thank you   I can't wait to start season 5!!  
Who wants Rock in Rio tix this wknd in Vegas? See my friends  &amp; Carla my blackjack dealer. 
Happy  
Carlotta Brown got one of the biggest surprises I’ve ever given away. If only it could be as big as her heart is. 
Say thanks a billion to teachers! Visit  &amp; thank a teacher.  will give $25 to their school! Seriously. Do it.
Happy Bday Mark Zuckerberg, George Lucas &amp;  Hope ya have a great day on the field, on Facebook, or in a galaxy far far away
No lap too small. 
I’m so proud of my wife,  Watch her video &amp; all the  videos here.  
Happy  
Harriet Tubman won the poll as the woman to put on the $20! It’s not official, but until it is, I’m gonna draw her face on any bill I find.
I found a great way to get your kids protected from the sun. Pure Sun Defense’s way is good, too.  
Only thing better than  &amp;  dancin is them dancin together.  

I hope you brought a helmet. 
Happy 29th birthday,  Before you know it, you’ll be changing the name of your show to “Women.”
Sending love to one of my favorite cities — Philadelphia.
Look at all the people who showed up at  Thanks everyone who was there. You were wonderful  
Here are some of my favorite tweets from my first-ever hashtag contest.  
. is hilarious, so I challenged her to a round of “Oh Caption, My Caption.” 
Congrats,   &amp;  on winning my  contest. Now please get your mother something nice.
This morning I had a bran muffin. It may have been blueberry. It was like a blueberry muffin without berries. &amp; a glaze. It was a cupcake.
It’s time for my first hashtag contest! What’s the worst Mother’s Day gift you’ve ever given or received? 
This mom got a big surprise that her whole family is gonna love. Thanks,   
Are you a whiz at my game  you could win $10K on the Heads Up! Game Show! If you’re near L.A., let me know! 
It’s time to be on TV,  Come on, ladies! Get over to  and don’t forget your balls! You heard me.
If you’re excited about  you’re gonna love the new  deck in HeadsUp!  
2pm is almost here! Get over to the  Sporting Goods in Daly City, CA, and bring a ball with your favorite emoji drawn on it!
I hope you’re ready for some fun. Get over to the  Sporting Goods in the Serramonte Center in Daly City, CA, by 2pm!
Hey  I hope you’re ready because something big is happening TODAY. I hope you’re feeling Sporty. 
Happy birthday, Bono. I wanted to get you the perfect present, but I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
This tweet is for all the amazing moms. I hope you get a kick out of these cards. 
Happy Yo Mama’s Day! 
If you go to  make sure you’re following me on Twitter. This Monday you’re in for a tweet. Go Gators!
Hey, Daly City, CA! I hope you get a lot of rest this weekend because on Monday you’re gonna have a chance to be on my show. 
. is on my Mother’s Day show today and he has a message for you. 
Check out all the gifts from my Mother's Day show. And then enter to win 'em!   
. and  have a gift for all you moms. Get yours here.   
Mom, you are beautiful. 
Here’s a commercial to make you cry at the DMV or in line at Chipotle. I don’t know what you do with your life.  
Happy   
Congrats to the  on 10 incredible years of reporting the news &amp; making me feel embarrassed by my “Suggested For You” section.
My brand, ED, is collaborating with GAP Kids! Perhaps you’ve heard of them. 
Kristen Wiig is here tomorrow. I’m already wiiging out.
Happy  
Mallory played Sorry Spin. I brought her back for something else to make her head spin, thanks to my partner,  
Happy birthday Zony and Yony! You were so adorable on the show. I hope you go out tonight and really Taiwan on. 
Happy birthday, George Clooney! I hope you celebrate with your wonderful, incredible, beautiful wife, Amal. You’re pretty neat, yourself.
This commercial includes 3 of my favorite things  tequila,  and  dressed as a lime. 
Sernding my louve to ervybody cbrelating sinco de mayo. I hoep your celtibraring responsiblty. 
. wrote me a love song. Okay, he just sang it to me, but I’m sure it’s partially about me. 
Everybody needs a straight friend like Jacob, and a gay friend like Anthony. Their prom looked wonderful. 
Happy birthday  I had a present for you, but I went double or nothing in Vegas and lost. We could’ve had it all.
Guess who's here with a surprise, bitches? (Can I say that on Twitter?) 
Ryan McHenry had a great sense of humor. The" Won’t Eat His Cereal" guy couldn't ask for a better tribute 
I guess I was the only one who realized the  was on  this year. 
Vote for my DJ  wife,  on  They’re two of my favorites. Plus, she’s incredible. 
My new collabo just dropped. I hope you feel it. 
. told me about moving in with her fiancé,  Apparently he reads a lot of boooks. 
Happy Star Wars Day!  
The Princess is Charlotte Elizabeth Diana! A perfect name. I don’t care that I ran out of room writing it on the Diaper Genie I got them.
Happy birthday, Ellie Kemper! Did you know you have the same birthday as David Beckham? I can’t imagine a better birthday gift than that.
Happy birthday, David Beckham! I hope you commemorate the event with a new tattoo of your favorite daytime talk show host.
It's a princess! Welcome to the world, Princess Winnifred Fergully Ellen of the Shire. That's just a suggestion. 
Why did the fern get excused from the jury? They found out he was a plant.  
I dared Jack Black to ride a mechanical bull to raise money for charity. Go ahead. Pretend you’re not gonna watch. 
Jess &amp; Matt have a beautiful life. Their home should be beautiful, too. I can’t think of people who deserve it more. 
These two are incredible.  I love you for doing this.

HappyBDay  Didya hear the country song that got played backward? He got his wife back, he got his dog back… 
What did the edamame say to the lentil? How have you bean? 
I don’t know why everyone’s so upset about this  It’s clearly a genius.  
Happy   
Spelling your name can be the hardest part of a drink. If u have a pic like this, I wanna see!  
I used the  app to find a home for Lauren. Not a lot of homes have walk-in liquor cabinets 

This story is what acceptance is all about. I love these boys. As far as I’m concerned, they’re already prom kings. 
You do it so well. 
. surprised Scarlett Johansson. It’s nice to have Captain America behind ya. So long as ya know he’s there 
I'm producing a new show with Dr. Seuss for Netflix! You can watch it here or there. You can watch it anywhere. 
Happy  
One of my favorite chefs has a new cookbook! Congrats Chef Roberto. I can’t wait for you to make me all these recipes 
If you love pugs, your Wednesday has just been made.    
The world needs more teachers like Sonya Romero. I’m glad my friends at  agreed.  
. performed his new song on my show. Get ready to be in stitches.  
Happy 

I don’t know if the world is ready for this, but  made a big announcement on my show. 
The people on ellentube aren’t only talented and hilarious, they’re also magic. 
That's it for season one of  I can't wait to see what happens next. Let's make season 2 happen! Call your congresspeople.
That's what real friendship is all about - marrying you're best friend’s girlfriend. 
The opposite of sabotage is hard. 
Every TV show needs a lesbian best friend. I think that every time I watch old episodes of Knight Rider. 
Here we go! The season finale of  starts now! This is all they're going to be talking about tomorrow around the water cooler.
I can't wait for you and Macey to meet. Thank you, Vice President.  
I sent 5-year-old Macey Hensley to the White House. I'm pretty sure she's gonna live there someday. 
Tonight I'm live tweeting the season finale of  You don’t wanna miss the surprise twist! 9 30/8 30c  
Lookin' good, good lookin'.  
Today we played Spacey vs. Macey. This may have been a bit unfair. My apologies to  
Today's the day. The Supreme Court hears arguments on marriage equality. Let's all stand on the right side of history together 
Thanks, Tony! We love you. 
My giant selfie stick worked! What a great idea. I thought of it myselfie. 
Jake Gyllenhaal told me about his dating life. Anyone want me to set you up? 
I'm not saying you should take a photo like this for Mother's Day. I am saying if you do, send it to me. 
Nepal needs our help. You can donate to the relief effort here. 
My Ellen Show family on stage at The Emmys. I love these people so much. 
Congratulations  and  on your wedding! I'm wishing you two crazy vampires a lifetime of happiness together.
My show won the Emmy for best Talk Show! I’m so honored &amp; proud of everyone I work with. You all deserve a raise…the roof! Woop woop woop!
Just watched  generous offer at the  Come on, everyone! Let’s thank him!
The Daytime Emmys are about to start on PopTV. Pop on over and look for my team!
Happy birthday,  You've got it all. You're incredibly Channing. And you've got a great Tatum.
My thoughts are with everyone in Nepal. Sending my love.
. did an absolutely incredible job.
I'm glad he has supportive, loving children to help him through.
Bruce Jenner is a beautiful, brave human being. Sending him lots of love. He's saving lives and opening minds tonight.
What did the Emmy say to the Tony? I don’t know. I’ll Oscar. 
What’s the one room a ghost can’t be in? The living room. 
Why did the little cat pull the big cat’s tail? She was just kitten. 
Knock knock. Who’s there? This adorable kitten on Tumblr.  
My friend  told me about  It opens in theaters in LA &amp; NYC today! Don’t miss the cast LA Q&amp;A! 
. met  at my show. I think she was excited. Catch all the fun backstage on my Ellen App!

¡Mi juego  ahora está en español! (I just said, "Heads Up!, now has Spanish translations!" Si! See?) 
Happy birthday  &amp;  I think this means y’all should do a duet. You can call it “Since U Been The Way We Were”
President expert Macey Hensley is here to tell me about her White House trip in 6 score &amp; 7 hours! (That’s Tuesday) 
Congratulations,  The 1st black female appointed Attorney General. Incredible. I thought for sure it would be Olivia Pope.
Happy  
I had a big gift for a military family. I can’t say what it is, but congrats to the Ban   
I sent 6-year-old Noah Ritter to a water park with two of his favorite people. Apparently they had a good time. 
I’m excited you’re excited. We're excited. 
Check out my hooters! There¹s the mother and the father and the baby in the middle. 
Macey Hensley is here next week to tell me about her trip to the White House. She also might be running for President 
Look at the great horned owl I saw out my window! First I thought it was just a good horned owl, but nope. It’s great 
Happy  
LIVE on  Periscoping  Periscope  
I can’t believe you’re back with a new song! I just met you. This is crazy. 
I don’t know what’s so scary about showing your Google search history. I just downloaded mine. I have nothing to hide 
Congrats, Sandra Bullock! People Magazine’s “Most Beautiful Woman” of 2015! She looks incredible at 50. I am proud to call her my friend.
I have a new thing on my bucket list  Go to Disneyland with  
It’s  Take a minute to appreciate the world around you. Pet a squirrel. Scatter sunflower seeds around your home. Wash a tree.
This video makes me so happy. If you can support STARescue, I hope you will. 
It turns out being a princess isn't as great as I thought. Don't miss  tomorrow! 
Ooh! A cliffhanger! I can’t wait to see what happens in the season finale next week! 
I can’t tell you how many times I tried to start my car with measuring spoons. 
I think I know what happens next. Lesbians are terrific at tricking people into signing divorce papers. Also lacrosse. 
There’s nothing worse than accidentally flying in your baby daddy’s wife’s husband. Am I right, ladies? 
That chapel looks familiar. I think I did stand-up there in the '80s. 
Now it’s time to watch  on NBC! You have 5 minutes to prepare a snack. I’ll tell them to wait for you. 
Thanks for watching Season 1 of  with me! That was so much fun. I think we should do it all over again.
. is so good at these hidden camera pranks I can’t stand it. Are you watching? ABC! 
True story  I found my assistant on Craig’s List. His name is Craig. 
Here we go! The season finale of  starts now on ABC!
I bought a new mattress at  &amp; I must've made a great impression cuz they sent me 400  
Tonight 8 30/7 30c on ABC is the season finale of     &amp;  are hilarious
You’re very welcome. 
It’s really happening. 
I challenged  to a round of Heads Up! that was all about “Friends” trivia. Oh, Monica. 
I’m gonna start doubling up my birthday wishes. Happy birthday,  &amp;  If you ask me, you’re both the boss.
. was on my show with  What an amazing story. I’m on Weibo! EllenShowUSA

Tomorrow night, I’m gonna be live tweeting a new episode of  Watch along and tweet with me! 9 30/8 30c on NBC
Tomorrow night is the finale of  Season 1. You gonna wanna see what happens. Don’t believe me?

I’m on Weibo! It’s the Twitter of China! I promise not to say anything to offend the Chinese government. So does my roommate, Portia.
I sent Ari to clean a viewer’s home. First he went to  At least it started well.  
This is how I nap with my cats. I also put a tiny bow on my head. 
I’m proud of every person who crosses the finish line today. I’m just as proud of everyone who crosses the starting one. 
This Tuesday is the last episode of  with   and  Watch and tweet with me. It’s a date.
Happy birthday,  I hope you &amp; Rosie have a day filled with pink things- like cotton candy &amp; flamingos &amp; teeny tiny piglets.
Why didn’t the snowmen come to the party? Because they were a bunch of flakes. 
What do you call a song about a burrito? A wrap. 
I’m having lots of fun putting things on my Good Things Tumblr. Goat take a look.  
4 days and counting to the last episode of  You don’t wanna miss it, or you’ll miss this.

Happy birthday,  I’ll see you next week on my show! Bring your kids! And your husband...shirtless.
Counting down to the final episode of  You don’t want to miss it. Here’s why.

I wish everyone could have a teacher like Carlie Flanders. Thank you,  for helping me freak her freak! 
LIVE on  Here's what happens backstage right before my show! 
Happy   
 Come back any time.
Look what I saw on my way to work today. Good one,   
If you want to see what happens right before my show, you can today. Be ready at 3 15pm PST &amp; make sure you’re following me on 
Happy  
Andy did our first-ever Vine commercial for  HE Turbo Clean. He did a Vine job.  
It looks like  has revised her show “Master Class." I never knew how strong  core was. 
I love this so much. Extra points for anyone who finds his tickle spots.  
. new book's about living life  If that doesn't interest u, u should probably read it 
Happy birthday,  You’re the perfect person to play a Disney princess. I should know. I’m a Disney fish.
This looks just like one of my favorite places in Hollywood. 
Good thing he’s already at the hospital. 
This show is hilarious. There’s no such thing as purple cauliflower. 
How many people just raised their hands in their living room?   
I’m pretty sure  didn’t tell  to sign the crotch. 
That was one heck of a  Now scoot over to NBC for a new episode of  It’s a double-header!
. told us afterwards that he hates carrots. What a good sport. At least he got some good vitamin K. 
If no one is producing “Genius Peanuts” yet, I call dibs. 
. really is a cougar. She can jump like 7 feet in the air &amp; once I saw her chase a rabbit in the snow 
If you're not watching  on ABC, turn it on right now, East Coast. You don't wanna miss what happens after this.
I picked a bad night to watch this show while eating a potato. 
. should just sing everything. 
Here we go! Who’s ready to  with me? Turn on ABC!
“Hey, I have a great idea for the kids’ photo this year.” 
Tomorrow’s the day for Today! If you’re headed to the  make sure you have one of these signs. 
If you're loving  I’ve got great news- it’s back tonight 9 30/8 30c on NBC! Set your alarms, DVRs and tell Siri to remind you.
 is live tonight with my friend     and it’s gonna be hilarious.
. the game show is coming to TV! It all started with an app created by the wonderfully creative  
Happy Dolphin Day, everybody! I appreciate dolphins every day, but today, let’s do it with porpoise.
 It's time.  
 If u don’t watch  tomorrow, ur gonna miss this. And u don’t wanna miss this OR 

LIVE on  Jeannie's at the red carpet of the  ! 
Matt &amp; Jess inspire the whole city of Pittsburgh &amp; they inspire me. My partner  &amp; I had a big surprise for them 
Is this cat going up the stairs, or down the stairs? I’m not going to work until I find out. 
.  &amp; I are starring in a new show. I liked it so much, I put it on   
 I'm running for president. Everyday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion. –H 
. and  had a baby! Silas Randall Timberlake is here! I also hear he's hosting SNL tonight.
Who’s ready for the weekend? 
How do you keep an idiot in suspense? 
What did Delaware? Her New Jersey. 
Happy   
I love Michelle Obama’s speech so much, I put it on my Good Things Tumblr. 
Sending love to the families that endured the tornadoes. Grateful to the rescue workers aiding in search efforts. Our hearts are with you.
Apple knows it’s okay to be gay. And yellow, apparently. 👩‍👩‍👧‍👦
Happy   
The  hunks spoon-fed my writer, Lauren. This morning, I found a cashew in her hair.  
A few hours left to sign up for  &amp; I’ll give you your first year free! Then you can watch fun videos like this 
Being this cute is exhausting. 
Dennis Quaid’s birthday is today! Dennis Quaid gets a birthday tweet. 
. is an incredible person. I’m so happy I could do this. Thank you to the  You're a class act. 
You know I  You were inkredibal  At  getting ready to make y’all  
Happy  
. makes me laugh so hard. 
If you’re near Montecito, check out Trattoria Mollie! If you aren’t nearby, check out Mollie’s book, Primi Piatti. 
You’re gonna love  I’m so sure, I’m buying you your first year. Seriously. 

Win a $500 Container Store gift card in the Ellen Shop today! I’m so excited I can’t contain myself, which is ironic. 
Check out my first-ever Periscopologue. And follow me on Periscope! 
I'm nominated for 3 Webby Awards! I’d like to thank whoever decides these things. I’m assuming Spider-Man. Vote here! 
. has written a book called  If you’re curious about it, you can find out more right here. 
LIVE on  I'm Periscoping live from my show! 
I can’t believe this is the last time we’ll all be together. 
  Hanging with  today!    
If your pet is happy it’s Spring, send me a video! Target could send you a prize.  
If you stand for peace, tell  your story. You could win $25k. I stand for peace. I hope you do, too. 
Look what I found stuck behind my freezer - It’s the art for  new album! Hope I’m allowed to post this. 
Happy birthday to my friend,  May your hats keep getting taller and your shorts keep getting shorter. I love ya.
Happy Easter from everybunny here at my show. 
I can’t look right at it, it’s so beautiful.  Thanks  for this astounding minivan art. 
The Diana Basehart Foundation provides medical care for pets in homes that need financial help. Incredible. 
Happy birthday,  What do you give someone with an under-active thyroid, man?  Iron, man.
What’s the Easter Bunny’s favorite restaurant? IHOP 
Passover begins tonight! לעבור את המצות ! I think I just said “pass the matzoh’. If not, I am so sorry.
Why was the farmer covered in baby chickens? He was a chick magnet. 
I think Manuela, the "Price is Right" model, would be much better suited to work on my show. 
Sometimes when I sing “Since U Been Gone” in the bathroom it feels like  is with me. Sometimes she is 
Why did the watch go on vacation? He needed to unwind. 
Happy  What better day could there be to check out my Good Things Tumblr page? Have a great good day!  
My spring line is about to air for the last time on  Spring to your TV right now! 
Happy    
We can stop elephant and rhino poachers by using drones. This is a brilliant idea. Check out 
. can still JUMP! This was incredible.  
You’re wonderful, both conscious and unconscious  Don't miss my power nap today on  and - oh yeah - 
AK Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected the Religious Freedom Act to assure it won't discriminate. Asa, you just made a lot of fans. I’m 1 of em
 I keep going to see Van Halen and randos keep getting in my way.    
Thank you University of Mississippi  for agreeing to stop using animals in medical training. The animals &amp; I are very grateful
April Fools, Mikaela!  Tbh I just want to test  's  
Happy  
Dwayne  &amp;  played Dwayne, Paper, Scissors.  Periscoped it. What'll I Periscope next? 
Happy birthday,  Sending love to you and the rest of Lady Antebellum. I’ve been a fan since you were only Dame Antebellum.
Proud of  for speaking out against Indiana’s unthinkable law.
The rumors are true. I’m on Periscope! My name is  Find me. Follow me. Periscope me out.
Almost time for episode 3 of  9 30/8 30c! You have just enough time to order dinner, make a baby with a lesbian and watch!
Wonderful job Jeff Garlin,  &amp;  You made me LOL. Now you have 30 minutes to get ready for 
“When the Piñata Busted” is my new favorite country song. 
Something tells me that’s not the first time Jeff Garlin has yelled, "Does someone wanna leash me up?” 
 starts in 10 minutes! Turn on ABC and then retweet after me. I mean tweet with me.
It’s Spring! Video your pet who’s happy to be outside. You might get a prize  
I'm watching!    don't forget to catch me on  today! Show me how your watching 
I hope you don’t have any plans for Thursday, because  may or may not be performing “Jump” on my show. (They are.) 
There’s a Beatle in the building! Don’t miss  on my show and on my backstage camera in the Ellen App

Tonight on   do-si-dos and The Goldbergs Jeff Garlin marks his territory. 8 30/7 30c on ABC!
The front page of the Indianapolis Star this morning. Absolutely perfect. I couldn’t have said it better. 
Check out my brother’s wine bar in Sherman Oaks called Augustine! Tell them I sent you, &amp; get a free cocktail…napkin 
. here Thursday! Doesn’t get better than that. Not even if I said they’re playing “Jump.” Oh wait, it did get better. 
I’m back from Spring Break and so is my show! We both have new guests and strange tan lines. Don’t miss it.
You’ve never looked better RT   Hey I'm Ellen... I mean I'm going to be ON  this afternoon! 
Happy birthday,  Near, far, wherever you are, I hope you’re having a wonderful time.
Congrats  &amp;  on your wins at iHeartRadio Awards!   
Thank you   GenCon,  &amp;  for standing up against Indiana’s hateful new law. Support these companies. Go
Ra Ra, Ahh Ahh Ahh! Roma, Roma Ma! Gaga, Oh La La! Happy birthday 
For anyone who is refused service under  new law, you deserve better. Acceptance and progress take time. But they always arrive.
What did the boy octopus say to the girl octopus? Can I hold your hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand? 
Happy birthday,  I hope you and the twins are having a great day. And by “the twins” I mean your children, obviously.
Compared to the wigs I wore in the 80s, I think Cyrus looks great. 
About to watch  with  with  She's on the show and on the couch watching with me.
There’s still a chance to win $10k by watching my show this week! &amp; you thought you wouldn’t get anything done today 
I just drove next to one of those new self-driving cars! It was putting on makeup and texting.
Happy   
Easter is so close it could reach out and bite ya! At least that’s how these kids feel.   
Happy birthday,  You’ve done incredible things for music. And scarves.
Happy  
Happy birthday,  Sending love to you and your beautiful, wonderful, perfectly perfect family.
Moving toward a plant-based diet could save $16 billion. At least that's what the scientific advisory committee says  
 is about to start on ABC!  is so hilarious it hurts. Order something in. It's a TV night

Tonight is episode 2 of  Watch it! 
It’s  Here’s the answer   
Happy birthday, Jim Parsons. Bazinga!
I love this speech. Just like her character on Scandal,  is someone you want to have in your corner. 
Tomorrow. This happens.  and Scandal’s   
The good news is, she makes house calls. 
How the-?!!? What the-?! HUH?!

This week if you’re watching my show you could win $10K! That’s almost as good as all the laughter &amp; joy you’ll feel 
Happy birthday,  I hope you celebrate it surrounded by the people you love, &amp; not alone in the desert with no water &amp; a fox.
Happy birthday,  I hope you had as much fun during  as I did. 
My friend  is on  this Tuesday and OMG. This one you can not miss. 8 30/7 30c. DVR it. Now.
Where does seaweed go to look for a job? The Kelp Wanted section. 
Why did the bird go to the hospital? Because he needed tweetment. 
My spring line is about to air on  Right now. Go! 
Sonya Romero made me cry. 
I’ve been pranking  for weeks. He got me back with a little surprise. Thousands of them. 
Happy   
. has made some of the most iconic music videos of all time. Especially the one I was in. 
Give me one reason not to watch  sing this. 
You really have a lot of balls.  Payback for  came this evening! The game is on! Watch our prank tomorrow on Today!
Thanks  for the cupcakes. Happy  
This makes me so unbelievably happy. Congratulations  and Leah. You did it! 
Happy  If you’ve got a tip like this I wanna see it! Send it to me here  
What a spectacular view of a shooting star over Loch Ness in Scotland. Breathtaking. 
I had no idea  was so good at pretending to be a security guard. Or how much my audience drinks. 
Happy birthday,  Sending lots of love to you, your wife and the other 4 Maroons.
Never have I ever played “Never Have I Ever” with  and  Until now.  
Uh oh. Tomorrow.    
Thanks for watching!   and  you were incredible. See ya next week! 
It’s really just a modern twist on a classic story – Boy meets girl, boy gets a lesbian pregnant, girl gets deported. 
Friendship can be hard, especially with such big life events going on. I hope they make the right choice about that accent wall 
Kelly Brook was actually naked when she filmed that scene. She’s very comfortable with her body. So was everyone else on set.  
For the record, if you have a cat named Ellen it doesn’t mean you’re a lesbian. It just means you have exquisite taste.  
 is about to start! Turn on NBC. Then call someone who makes you happy and tell them to turn it on.
 starts in 30 minutes! I really think you’re gonna like it. See if you can spot the naked person.
If you missed  on  it's repeating tonight at 8 30/7 30c!
I asked  about dating younger men. Men date younger women. &amp; younger men. Point is, men do whatever they want 
Happy Saint Patrick’s Day! I’ve been told my app  makes a great drinking game. I’ll let you decide that for yourself.
Happy birthday,  You make 45 look good. And you make 51 look incredible.
Tonight’s the night! 

Happy St. Patrick’s Day! I celebrated by playing a pipe to all the snakes in our yard. Kenny G was their favorite.
We're living in a Madonna world &amp; I am just a Madonna girl.  Tune into  Tuesday for episode  of 
Don’t miss her incredible performance tomorrow. Happy  
My show  premieres tomorrow night! I can’t wait for you to see it. Set your DVRs! Tune in! Tweet! 
My arm is higher  Watch  today as the First Lady, Ellen, break it down to the  dance 
It’s the March Madness sale! Grab a bracket and your favorite items in the Ellen Shop. You’ll fill out both nicely. 
Happy birthday to the hilarious, adorable, wonderful   
The First Lady caught me up on the First Family. First things first. 
It's going to be really hot for the  If you're running, be careful. Remember, however far you make it, it'll be more than I did.
What did the crooked table say to the turkey? "Wobble wobble" 
How do you throw a party for Bruno Mars? You planet. 
. is here Monday! Don't miss when I ask the hard questions. Like which of us is better friends with  
Where did the coffee bean find his soul mate? Grinder. 
The First Lady of the US, the First Lady of Scandal and the First Lady to Intercom Her Cat.   
A viewer sent in this photo. The '80s sure were a good time.  
You don't wanna miss it. No ifs ands or butts  EAST COAST, did you catch me on Ellen? WEST COAST, tune in at 4pm!
I did a live  scavenger hunt! This is what Portia and I do every time we go there.  
So excited for  This is gonna be big. 
Because the internet. 
Happy   
You knocked my socks off. And most of your dancers' clothes  About to rock  The turn up airs at 4pm! Turn up!
Happy birthday, Liza Minnelli! From Ellen with an E not Hellen with an H ‘cuz Ellen with an E goes Eeee! not huhh.
Tomorrow.      
He posted a photo to Instagram and now he’s a model, so I sent him to the Ellen Shop to sell anything except shirts. 
OMGlee  So excited to go to my favorite place today  yay!!!! Glam time now with  &amp; 
Happy  
Send me pics of a room in your house that’s in desperate need of a new look. Houzz might give ya 1  
. new CD “Rebel Heart” is out and it’s incredible. Next week is my first ever 
My prank war with  has gone on long enough. One of us needed to do it, so I jumped in feet first. 
Watch out, Mindy. U don’t wanna mess with this guy  Someone stole my sign.  any idea? 
Pauline is such a sweet person. What a great sport. Thanks to all the guests, and thanks for watching! 
My apologies to  and her appropriate number of bazoombas. 
I can’t believe the delivery guy ate spaghetti like Lady and the Tramp. I can’t get my delivery guy to remember napkins. 
Olivia hilarious 
Fun fact  That dummy is actually one of our hidden camera men in disguise. 
My favorite  movie is “Bubble Puppy’s Fin-tastic Fairytale Adventure.” She was the witch. 
 is about to start! Stop what you’re doing and turn on your TV! If you’re driving, pull over and find a waiting room with one.
So nice, I’m doing it twice. If you have my ellentube app, you have another chance to win tickets to a 12 Days show! 
Happy  Give up? Here’s the answer   
  is hilarious.

Sending support to the girls at St. Joseph’s Academy in Baton Rouge collecting cans for the homeless. You go girls!  
Tonight!  uses his sonar,  wrestles a dummy &amp;  goes Lady &amp; the Tramp. 8 30/7 30c  
Real excited about my new project.  
Happy birthday,  Right now, you’re probably up singing some incredible version of Shania karaoke.
Pixar’s new movie “Inside Out” is going to be incredible. No one’s seen the trailer. Except you, right now.  
 Put on your dancing shoes! The new trailer debuts tomorrow on 

Are you ready for The Bachelor finale? Someone is going to be sent away for the rest of their lives. And someone is going to lose.
This weekend I got to read some great books from my Entitle Book Bar. You can join me. Sign up here! You’re Entitled. 
. &amp;  have a new song together for charity. &amp; you thought this Monday was going to be hard. 
Apple is making a big announcement in about 10 minutes. I can’t wait to watch         ; )
Being true to who you are can be one of the hardest things in the world. I’m proud of  
It’s Daylight Savings Time! Why does it happen on the weekend? If you ask me, if we're gonna lose an hour it should happen Monday at 2 PM.
My Spring Line is on   in 20 minutes! It’s all the fun of shopping without having to put on pants. Check it out! 
Happy birthday,  I hope your twins do something special for you today, and that somebody translates it into English for you.
50 years ago today, MLK and his followers marched from Selma to Montgomery, AL. We've come a long way since then, but we're still marching.
Why was the egg hiding? He was a little chicken. 
Happy  I found this on Tumblr. If you make one, send it to me!  
I’m kidding. I’m grateful for all of the people who work on my show. They’re kind, smart, and exceedingly attractive.
Happy Employee Appreciation Day! I’m so happy a day like this exists. It’s so important. I can’t wait to see how my employees appreciate me.
I’m so  I get to do this.  AWESOME! “ Ellen to present Vanguard Award to  at 
What did the old tangled rope say to the man who asked if they knew each other? “I’m a frayed knot.” 
.  
Happy birthday  With love, Ellen America
Sending love and positive thoughts to 
I played a game where I got to show off my Spring Line from  and Gina got to show off her coconuts. 
Happy   
It’s  Celebrate with a new book from my Entitle Book Bar. Or with firecrackers &amp; tequila. Up to you. 
Is "the drawing board" the one in your office with the handle and tassels?  really..she hates kittens? Back to the drawing board!
I love when Vince Vaughn stops by. But next time he might need to bring his daughter. 
Hey  I thought of a great prank for you to get Ellen DeGeneres. Send her a kitten. She HATES kittens.
It looks like we’re taking a prom photo     
I just got harassed on the street. Two guys yelled "nice mangos" &amp; "wanna piece of my churro?" Those farmers markets can be so aggressive.
Happy  
You won’t believe how I got to work today. 
Happy National Grammar Day! I hope you have someone wonderful to whom with which to celebrate with.
That was pants-off one of the best times I’ve ever had.      
I gave my audience a huge surprise! I can’t say what it is. My hands are   
 
 Big bro   on   tonight. Might be as good as my episode  )
Spraying Pam on the dance studio walls was a great idea. 
Nothing like some ice cold refreshing red wine to keep you hydrated. 
I can’t wait for the “Sergio Tells All” episode. 
I guess  pants were tight like a pickle jar, too. 
I think  is stretching his peekaboo right now. 
It’s almost time for    and  are all hilarious. I can’t wait for you to see what they do.
It’s  Give up? Here’s the answer  
It's the most talked about moment in furniture design show history. Tim was disqualified after winning my show.Thursday he tells me his side
. cut off his beautiful hair! Now all he has left are his beautiful eyes and beautiful cheekbones and beaut 
. tells a TV salesman about his pancake-sized mole in a TV store. Oh boy. 
If you wanna see  pantless and  twerk upside down, then watch  tonight 8 30/7 30c on ABC!
Congrats Carrie! I’m sending you the finest cowboy hat I can find Isaiah Michael Fisher-born Feb27 
 Just what we wanted  an app filled with  favorite videos is now on our iPad. 👏 
 
Today I settled the controversy once and for all. The dress is white and gold. 
 is here 
Happy birthday to  and  You’ll always be my favorite JB. You know who you are.
What a great season full of incredible designers &amp; pieces. I hope you had as much fun as I did. Thanks for watching! 
Here comes the twist. Don’t miss the ending! 
Make sure to watch ’til the very end, ‘cause it ain’t over ’til it’s over. And it ain't over. 
Who would you pick to win the show?  
This was so much fun to do. After this furniture show I’m gonna see if I can host “This Is Your Life” 
Blowing the horn &amp; turning out the lights at the end of the day was my idea. That’s how Portia gets me out of the TV room 
If it’s one thing you want while you’re putting on makeup, it’s liquor. 
My Design Challenge finale is about to start! I’m telling you, you’re not gonna believe what happens. 
Guess who's coming for an exclusive performance/chat-  We're ramping up over here. Literally. We took out the stairs &amp; put in ramps
Tonight's the finale of my Design Challenge on HGTV. You're not gonna believe what happens at the end. I promise it’s not what you think.
Tayt came to visit me. His mom says he gains strength from watching my show. The truth is, I gain strength from him. 
Happy birthday,  I can’t wait for “Bieber Be Ballin’” to open in theaters.
Have you seen the free ellentube app? I love it so much I’m giving 2 people who download it  a trip to a 12 Days show 
Don’t know why ur embarrassed. You twerked like a lady  Most embarrassing wonderful moment of my life tues on 
I love this. If you have a joke like this, send it to me on Tumblr. Happy   
. wrote a book. Holy cow! That’s the title. It’s on my Entitle Book Bar!  
Why did the escalator like his job? It was uplifting. 
I just spent the past 12 hours asking Portia what color she thinks things are. 
Taniya's on QVC with my Spring Line right now! You can get everything right here. 
From this day on, the world will be divided into two people. Blue &amp; black, or white &amp; gold.  
Someone’s asking for a spanking.  We stole Ellen's gift to  We need to find where to put it. 
Happy  
This season of Mad Men is gonna be really groovy. 
She just realized her octopus is missing. 
. here! If u could take my pulse right now it'd be just like a sledgehammer. I had a triple Macchiatto 
Happy  
I love this family. They're all about paying it forward. Now they're going to drive it forward  
OMG! Look what I saw on “Hart of Dixie”! I’m famous! 
Happy birthday,  What better way to celebrate than with a GIF of you in your birthday suit. 
My audience was really excited about something today. But no one was more excited than  Hi Andy. 
. gonna be on American Horror Story! Between that, the Oscars &amp; getting engaged to Tony Bennett, she’s having an incredible week.
You've never looked better.  Ellen, thanks for outfitting the new  video with undies! 
If you ask me, Tish was a little too adamant about never robbing a liquor store. 
Tish is such a lovely person. I’m gonna get a tattoo of her face. 
“Anything fun happen at the grocery store today, sweetheart?”  
That’s how babies are made - Kristen Bell, a tape measure and a manicurist. 
 
Oh baby baby, I hope Bieber brought a bowling ball. 
 is about to start on ABC! I love tonight’s episode. I know you will, too. Turn on your TV! Go!
Hollywood Reporter says stars at the Oscars wore Ellen underwear. Wear my underwear and you too could win an Oscar. 
Florida legalized marriage equality, and  celebrated in style. 
I don’t know what your plans are for tonight, but I just made some for you.  
If ya wanna see  flirt,  twerk &amp; Michael Bolton talk to a banana, watch  tonight on ABC 8 30/7 30c!
Look who pulled up to my show today. I’ll give you a hint  The license plate said FRESH &amp; it had dice in the mirror. 
Tish never saw you coming  Make sure to watch me have a little fun on  
You'll have to come to game night  Pretty much the best news ever  
Only one episode left until the moment I’ve been waiting for  Taking all the furniture home and putting it in my house 
All 3 pieces are strong this week. I can’t imagine having to pick a someone to go, which is why I’m not there doing it. 
I’m so impressed with how much work Katie put into that chair. It’s unbeweavable 
All this time I thought I was Tim’s biggest fan. 
Portia just told me those were raccoons. 
Reclaimed items are really popular now. Last night 3 designers were rummaging through our recycling bin looking for goods 
Only 2 more episodes left! The second to last episode of my HGTV Design Challenge starts now! 
. has a new "Friends" deck! See ya tonight     Jen&amp;Matt 
Tonight I'm live tweeting Ellen's Design Challenge on HGTV &amp; tomorrow  is on ABC w/  Watch out, Shonda Rhimes.
My writers Kevin and Lauren were on the red carpet of the Oscars! My apologies to the Academy. 
Happy birthday, Emily Blunt! I bet you’re having a great day. You’re already married to this guy. 
Show me your mug! Send in a photo with your Ellen mug and our favorite photo wins a $1000 gift card. 
I would love for everyone to hear what  had to say last night. 
What a night. Congratulations  on doing a wonderful job. Not to mention those tighty whiteys. 
Congratulations Graham Moore. That speech was so beautiful. You should think about being a writer. 
. made me want to climb a mountain. She also made me want to ford every stream and I don't even know what that means. 
Congratulations to  and  on a powerful song and a powerful speech 
Congratulations to "Ida" for winning Best Foreign Film! Something tells me he's not winning for Best Short. 
Tonight’s the night! The stars, the gowns, speeches, and the thing I’m most looking forward to - watching from my sofa. 
Happy birthday Drew Barrymore! Give my love to Frankie, Olive and Will. I still find it in everything. ❤️
Looks like not everyone is thrilled about the new baby. 
Happy birthday,  Juno I love you.
Where does Meryl Streep put all of her Academy Awards? I don’t know. I’ll Oscar. 
. sponsored my Oscar show &amp; gave coffee to my audience. They loved it! (Some are still here dancing.) 
I see London, I see France, on my backstage camera I see  dance. 

Happy birthday,  Make a wish. 
. isn’t afraid of his upcoming roast. Unless they hide Calvin Klein models in the tables to scare him. 
Noah played " Pictures" backstage with his friend, Robby. Get it in the app store! 

Yeah I did.  I think today was our best hang out yet.  u got me. Lol 
Happy  
I sent Noah Ritter to Hawaii so he could have a wonderful vacation, but mostly so he could come here and hula. 
Happy birthday to the first lady of “Scandal,"  You might be getting Bellamy older, but you only look Bellamy younger.
It’s  It always falls right between two of my favorite holidays, Fat Tuesday and Throwback Thursday.
. is on my show today and I told him a brilliant joke. I hope he uses it at the Oscars this Sunday. 
You bet!  o/ \o (that’s us high-fiving)   again this week? ;) miss me?
Time to give something up for Lent! Last yr I was playing hide &amp; go seek with my cousin, &amp; I gave up looking. I hope she’s not still hiding.
Happy  
If you missed Macey Hensley on my show, you’re gonna wanna watch this.  
Happy birthday  You have it all- an amazing music career, an amazing business, I don't know how you found time to attend med school.
 . on  tonight!!  
That was the first episode of  I can't wait for you to see what happens next week.
I don't know what “Baby Randy" is and I don't want anyone to tell me.  
You know what they say  When life hands you a sweet potato, you're probably on a hidden camera show. 
Fun fact  When Portia and I got married, I learned Australian. I didn't know a word she was saying before then. 
I told them to make  take his shirt off, but they said it’s “not that kind of show.”  
. needs to hire this nanny. She's wonderful.  
My apologies to  And turtles. You both smell wonderful. 
I loved  in Bridesmaids. I also loved her in Avatar. I’m not sure who she played, but it was on her résumé. 
 starts in 5 minutes! I wanted to call it  but that’s already a show in Guam.
 Tonight at 8 30|7 30c,  will make you laugh on the premiere of ABC's new show,  
You're lookin' Vine.   ) 
. tells stars what to say in a secret earpiece all on hidden camera  premieres tonight! 
Happy Random Acts of Kindness Day. 
It’s Mardi Gras! I’m celebrating the way I always do, just instead of New Orleans, I’m in Burbank. And instead of beads, I got a citation.
 He’s a great musician. I also like his accent. I wonder if cats can understand accents. I’m just thinking out loud.
Repeat After Me -  is hilarious  Tmrw 8 30/7 30c,  says some scandalous things on ABC’s 
Last week, nobody loses. This week, nobody wins. It’s a emotional furniture roller coaster. 
I love a couch that pulls into a bed. It's perfect for when people want to stay with you, which is why I don’t have one

I’m no math whiz, but isn’t 87 inches 9 inches longer that 78 inches? I hope someone gives these guys a new tape measure. 
They’re halfway there. Sofa so good. 
Making a couch is hard. Making a couch in 48 hours is crazy. Who’s in charge of this show?! 
Who knew fabric was so scary? I once had a nightmare about paisley but that’s because I was at my great-grandma’s house. 
Here we go! 4 designers left on my design show. Let’s see what they make. We’re in for a treat. You’re in for a tweet. 
. is getting married! And I’m gonna be a bridesmaid! 
Wanna know why  looks like this? Watch the premiere of  on ABC tomorrow night! 
What’s In The Box? Here’s a hint  We didn’t have a box big enough to put it in.  
Happy Presidents' Day! 
It’s great to see you every week, &amp; not just at our brunch at IHOP.  Been having fun with Ellen  ) 
Delete! Delete! Delete! Delete! —Sent from my Apple Car—
Being a star is fun. You get to try cool new things before anyone else. I’d say more, but I’d be in lots of trouble —Sent from my Apple Car—
Meeting 5-year-old Macey Hensley might be the highlight of my 2015 so far. 
Set your DVRs for  this Tues on ABC, 8 30/7 30c! It has everything ya love-celebs, hidden cams, and sweet potatoes. You’ll see
If you love pranks where I tell celebs what to say, you'll love when  does it on  Don’t miss it, ABC Tuesday.
Happy Valentine’s Day! 
You can sign The People’s Brief to the Supreme Court asking them to stand up for marriage equality.Be part of history 
This 5-year-old president expert just made my yr. If you do nothing else on Presidents' Day, make sure to watch this

I love surprising people. I also love blindfolding 'em, taking 'em to  &amp; surprising 'em again  
I’m producing a new hidden camera show  It premieres Tues 8 30/7 30c on ABC. You don’t wanna miss this 
I sent my PA Ari to watch "50 Shades of Grey." Here’s his review. You are going to want to watch this. 
My friend  new video is out. She never goes out of style.  
Today is Friday the 13th, and 50 Shades of Grey comes out today, so that means some people are gonna get lucky and unlucky at the same time.
You’re one hot enchilada.  Hangin out with my girl  tomorrow! Fun &amp; games...  ) 
I sent my writer Adam to play Kevin the Cashier at See's Candies. I also sent hidden cameras, &amp; a bottle of Fireball 
Happy  
His safe word is “Roker”   Spotted on  side of the desk. Hmm. 
I watch  every week &amp; I can't imagine it without Bob Simon. I'm sending my love to his family and everyone at "60 Mins."
If I’m going to post nude photos of celebrities on Twitter, I can’t think of a better one to start with than this. 
The only thing better than this performance is the backup singer. 
My audience aren’t the only people coming to one of the 12 Days of Giveaways. One of my followers will be, too! 
My 10,000th tweet! To celebrate, if you’re in my audience today, you’re coming back for a 12 Days of Giveaways show. 
This is my 9,999th tweet! It's unbelievable to me. I've learned so much from Twitter, like how to keep things to 140 characters, &amp; how to cl
Happy  
I put  head-to-head with a child genius. It doesn’t take a child genius to figure out how that went. 
. esta en mi casa hoy. Canta la canción, “Adios” y sacude su chimichangas. 
“I take all that love, and I send it right back to you.” 
Sending love to family &amp; friends of Kayla Mueller. We need to fill this world with love &amp; kindness until there’s no room for anything else.
The Powerball Jackpot is $485 Million. If each of my followers gave me $10, it still wouldn’t be as much. But it doesn’t mean we can’t try.
Happy birthday, Jennifer Aniston! I hope you have everything you need for your day. I know you already have balloons. 
Thanks for sending your magic acts to ellentube! This one is really cool. Stay for the big finish! 
Happy  The answer's right here   
I got my hands on an exclusive scene from "50 Shades of Grey." I don’t think this scene was in the book. 
. is here today. And he brought 4 of his friends. 
Happy birthday,  May the odds be ever in your favor.
That’s right! Everybody stays this week. I can’t send anybody home. I’m America’s Sweetheart. 
Just think, if that Lazy Susan spun a little faster, we would’ve found out which table won before the commercial break. 
I’m so glad I finally got to surprise the contestants. I had been hiding back there since Episode 1. 
I wasn’t sure how I felt about Gaspar’s table at first, but then it started to grow on me. Get it? It’s a tree.
Looks like more than 1 table's gonna have a river run through it. I bet they were inspired by my favorite Brad Pitt movie- Thelma &amp; Louise.
I have a ghost chair in our house. It’s not clear plastic, but once I saw an old woman playing the harmonica in it at 3am 
If you get a chance to go to Crossroads in L.A., go. It’s on Melrose &amp; Sweetzer. Those are the Crossroads cross streets.
Here we go! Episode 3 of “Ellen’s Design Challenge” is about to start! “Ellen" is excited to watch and tweet. 
Tonight my design challenge on HGTV is back! You’re not gonna believe what they made this time. I was there and I don’t believe it.
Last night he won 4 Grammys, and tomorrow he’s on my show. I just love  so much. 
I sent Andy Zenor to the red carpet at the  Thank you to everyone who stopped by. I love this. 
Marriage equality in Alabama! That means there are only 6 states left. Unbelievable. You can count them on one hand. 
I couldn’t agree more.  
. is here today! Something really must have surprised him backstage. 
. was incredible. Chris Martin was incredible.  was incredible twice. 3 times if you count when Beck won. 
That was insane. Kristen Wiig can do anything. 
. and  . Wow. Wow. Wow. 
You don’t get much better than Stevie Wonder and  
Amazing night for  world loves you just the way you are. 
Congratulations,  You make me happy. So do those shorts. 
Congratulations,  ! Best New Artist at the  I can’t say I’m surprised. I’ll see you Tuesday.
Post your magic acts to ellentube! You could perform it on my show! There’s no tricks up my sleeve. Oh look—A napkin! 
What do they say at the Grammys when a performance of "Chandelier" is up next? Sia soon. 
Kai tried on the Uptown Funk outfit I gave him. If this isn’t the most adorable thing you see today, send me what is. 
You were pretty Hozy before, but somehow you managed to get Hozier.  Thank you to Ellen for having me on &amp; for the early support.
Great news! Great great GREAT!  sponsored my Grammy show &amp; gave everyone coffee! There were 8 cups left! I drank them! Hooray!
. &amp; I played “Lady Lovers”. Who better to host it than  Ladies love cool James. Oh, I get it now 
Did you hear about the big fight that happened on the camping trip? It was in tents. 
Happy   
Valentine's Day's almost here. Post a video to ellentube about what love means to you.  could send you a gift! 
 is back tonight! There’s no telling what'll happen!  told me. I asked her, and she said, “There’s no telling.” 
The Harris family had a hard year. They deserve a lift. Thanks to  that’s what they’re gettin  
. and I decided to scare people by making out in a bathroom stall. You heard me. 
. took some photos backstage. Don’t miss the video he made. Sync the Ellen app to the show today to see! 
Happy  My excitement is in the high seventies.
This one video is too good. Three of my favorite people.  
Beauty, eh?  the  teamed up to play  Hilarity ensued  
If ya love puppies, comedy &amp; inspiration you’ll love my Tumblr “Good Things by Ellen.” If not, what’s wrong with you? 
Happy  
I met a wonderful person in my audience today. This photo wasn’t her only surprise. 
FDR said, “The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." Unless you’re  Then you should add peacocks. 
A surprise guest brought me the  trailer. Boy, did he get in shape. Someone’s been Channing his Tatum. 
Here’s the trailer for Magic Mike XXL. OMG. NSFW. YOLO. SYTYCD. TLDR. 
Met the man behind  &amp; 2 of his subjects. Thanks Target for helping me surprise 'em.  
World premiere of the trailer tomorrow!  Tomorrow. Tune in to   
It’s  Can you figure this one out? The answer is right here   
They're publishing the sequel to To Kill a Mockingbird. Exciting! I can’t wait to read what kind of trouble Katniss gets up to in this one.
Can’t wait to meet the surprise guests! I hope it’s the Spice Girls.  Tonight Playing Password w/ Ellen &amp; 2 surprise guests!
I’m on Snapchat! &amp; I have a special guest giving away Grammy tix. My name is Ellen. You knew that. I mean on Snapchat 
Happy birthday,  Just like your movie, you’re always Pitch Perfect, and your raps are Pitch Perfect 2.
That’s right! I have a BIG part in episode 3. Don’t miss it! 
Who do you think should win? I’m so excited I can hardly contain myself. 
That’s my friend, Cliff! He has an amazing eye for design. He also gives great back rubs. 
The great thing about Gaspar’s cabinet  It comes with a free finger. 
CNC is a great furniture building machine. I’m also a big fan of their music factory. 
Well, obviously Katie should win this week. 
I love that the cabinet looks like it’s floating. It’s also perfect for Portia and my tandem pole dancing class.
Fun fact- I got all of the bar supplies for pod 5 from my writer, Lauren’s house. 
Ellen’s Design Challenge is about to start on  9pm ET. Tune in. I’m gonna be tweetin’. 
You’re gonna need a lawyer ‘cause you killed it.  Had a blast on  today! 
Tonight at 9pm/8c is episode 2 of my furniture design challenge on  Watch it and tweet with me. It’s gonna be tweet 
I know it’s Monday, but at least there’s this photo of a baby and a puppy. 
Happy Groundhog Day! 6 more weeks of winter. Punxsutawney Phil woke up &amp; saw his shadow. Either that, or he saw that Nationwide commercial.
Jeannie's at the game with a Disney Princess and a Beatle.  
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL? Sorry, the cat stepped on the Caps Lock again. 
Happy birthday  and  too! This might be the best day to be born ever.
Happy birthday to my wonderful, incredible, beautiful wife, 
What do you call a sea hawk with no feathers on the sides of its head? A mohawk. 
If you love books &amp; bars, check out my book bar on Entitle Books! It’s like your favorite bar, but with fewer poles. 
How long does it take to eat a tire? A good year. 
Why did Snoop Dogg give his grand baby a bib? Fo dribble! 
. was incredible on  last night. If you aren’t watching—stop, watch seasons 1-4 &amp; then tweet me back. It’s worth it.
. gave a brilliant performance of “Elastic Heart” on my show. Her outfit was a little boxy, but I loved it. 
You are frighteningly adorable.  I'm on Ellen (who is scary fun) with  (who is awesome) today. 
There’s no better birthday present than  singing to you. Wow. 
    good people
There are so many amazing videos on ellentube today. It's blowin' up! That's a good thing, right? 
My writers  &amp;  went to Vegas to buy me a birthday gift. I saw things I’ve never seen before. 
This is it! It’s the night we’ve been waiting for! 3 hours of 
I love being a  But getting the job wasn’t easy. Or breezy.  
I asked  if he’s planning to have another baby with  And he told me. 
I'm producing a new hidden camera show for  Tweet a word or phrase you want a celebrity to say right now! 
Happy  
. gave me the exclusive first look at his new video. It’s unbelievable. 
.      
Happy birthday,  I hope your day is special. Actually, I bet most of your days are special. Have a regular day, but add confetti.
Don’t miss next week! I’ll send you a bib  Watching   is drooling over the tools   )
Loving. You.    Loving. This.
You were perfect. Thanks for surprising me!  Good seeing u today  Happy birthday! Sorry I was so nervous
I can’t believe the surprise I got for my birthday show. Then I saw his face. Now I’m a Belieber. 
For every tweet with  5 cents goes to mental health initiatives. I’ve got time for a tweet. Do you?
  Catch me on  today  
 is going to be extra adorable. Even if they didn’t use my favorite player, Drew Breed.  
Happy  
I’m grateful to this family for all they’ve done for equality in Alabama. Now it’s time to help them. 
. and  made a wonderful team in one of the most memorable rounds of Heads Up! we’ve ever played. 
Meet Ellie DeSpaniel and Portia de Chihuahua. They need a home together.  
Here’s my first-ever  Give this a shot. The answer is right here   
My staff is always there for me. Especially if I need them to look ridiculous on national television. 
I love  
Tinder was down for 40 minutes this morning. It’s goin’ down. They’re yellin’ “Tinder!”
That’s episode 1! I can’t wait for you to see what happens. Ep 2 is great and I have a BIG part in ep 3. Stay tuned! 
  I liked the first one that came out. The white desk. She did an amazing job. 
If you were going to buy one of those pieces, which would it be? 
If she doesn’t win the challenge, at least she found Karl. 
Uh-oh. I hope that wasn’t the walnut. Maybe it was just a bone. Fingers crossed. 
I get all my best ideas at 3 a.m. That’s when I came up with the idea for edible Tupperware. 
It took me forever to wrap all of those giant boxes. I kept cutting pieces that were just an inch too short. 
I’m surprised none of the carpenters were from Carpinteria. 
I have a mantra, too. It’s “lather, rinse, repeat.” 
That’s my house! Fun fact – I didn’t design any of the furniture, but I did carve that stone wall behind me. 
The  surprised me on my show today. Of the United States. Of America. Seriously. 
There’s a blizzard coming! Stay safe and warm, and if you get any great photos of it, I wanna see ‘em! 
My new furniture design competition show premieres tonight! I’ll be watching and tweeting. 9pm EST on HGTV! 
For my birthday Mercedes gave me 2 cars to give away &amp; the 1st look at their Super Bowl commercial  
It’s a special day. My Ellen underwear is 25% off! It’s also my birthday. But nothing beats a deal on boxer briefs. 
. played me a special version of his new song. Happy birthday to me. 
It's my birthday! It's a national holiday in Australia. Not in the US. But I'm sure someone's working on it.   
My last sunset of 56 with my favorite person. 
Lose weight, feel healthy, and best of all, live with compassion. That's what my friend Dr Barnard &amp; the LATimes say. 
Monday's my birthday! I’m celebrating all week long. I don't know why I didn’t think of this sooner. Next year, I’m gonna do a whole month.
Why couldn’t the pirate remember the alphabet? He always got lost at C. 
This weekend we're going to a nude beach  A little game of never have I ever  
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. 
. gave an incredible performance. He also signed a football for me. Who wants it?  
People were so shocked by  that the NFL has taken out a blimp to apologize. 
Scrunchies and Crystal Pepsi 
Happy  
I can’t stop thinking about this father. I wish all parents could be like this. 
Hey  any upcoming story lines about a beloved talk show host who’s a great dancer? 
Never have I ever played “Never Have I Ever” with Johnny Depp,  and  Until today. 
It looks like  has some competition in the underwear department. 
Happy  
It’s  That explains why the UPS guy gave me that big hug this morning. It still doesn’t explain the slow dancing.
I asked my PA Ari to review some current films for me. I give this segment 2 thumbs way up. 
Tonight is the  from the POTUS. I’m going to eat some TOFU and watch it on HULU.
Just in case. Because this is one you don’t want to miss. 
Colin Farrell explains his support for marriage equality in a beautiful way. I couldn’t have said it better myself. 
I used Apple Pay for the 1st time! I grabbed a Beats speaker &amp; waved my phone at a security cam on my way out. (That’s how it works, right?)
Y’all come back now, y’hear?  Y'all make sure to catch us on  today! Check your local listings for times.
I scared Jennifer Lopez. She shook like a bowl of  
1 week 'til my design show premieres on HGTV! Check out the competitors. Who do ya think will win?  
Only 1 thing I want for my birthday show - for you to be there! Enter to win.  I’d also like a talking baby dolphin.
Where do my cats sit? 
What Nicole did for her students is incredible. I’m glad my partner  could do something incredible for her. 
  
My  played incredibly well, and  just went from hero to legend. 
So THAT'S why they won  Hey Ellen, I'm with your boy  &amp; we just witnessed a miracle! 
Congrats to the  on one of the most incredible games ever. 
This is crazy. I can't watch anymore. Someone tweet me when it's over. 
Happy birthday  I polled 100 people and they all agreed you should have a wonderful day.
What do you call a camel with no humps? Humphrey. 
Really surprised what  did with my gift.  
What kinds of shoes do plumbers wear? Clogs. 
6-year-old  sings with  Need I say more? 
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. 
. is on my show tomorrow. That’s right. Shawty got Lowe.
Happy  
Happy birthday to my friend,  You’re not just a Saint. You’re a saint.
Big news from  
Lexi got a puppy for Christmas. Really, it was a gift for all of us. 
Benedict Cumberbatch is a man of many talents. Wearing sunglasses is one of them. 
. is on my show tomorrow for the first time in almost 5 years and you don’t want to miss her big announcement.
“Bleeding Love - Could You Get a Band-Aid?” 
“I Just Called to Say Our Safe Word” 
 So - I'm gonna host a new show thanks to  
Happy  
Happy birthday to the wonderful LL Cool J, the incredible Dave Grohl and pretty-good-on-Family-Ties Jason Bateman.
Welcome to Twitter,  You'll love it. It's perfect for staring at your phone during parties when you're tired of Candy Crush
If you want to know about my hidden agenda - here it is. 
I love this story about  in Philly. Thank you,  for all the dough.  
It’s  birthday and Poetry at Work Day! Happy birthday, Julia Louis-Dreyfus! I hope you enjoy it, and don’t get Typhus.
Happy birthday,  Thank you for continuing to send me the Scandal scripts ahead of time under the code name “Portia.”
. gave me and my entire audience that Uptown Funk and it was INCREDIBLE. 
Call a police and a fireman.  Watch  and I Celebrate  today!
Congratulations,  That is a really wonderful sandcastle. 
Heard reports Fireball might be dangerous so I did a test. By “reports” I mean Lauren said it &amp; by “test” I mean this 
I just looked at  Calvin Klein photo. Definitely didn’t see any photoshop. 
My furniture show premieres on Jan. 26th! Consider this your Save the Date. Feel free to print it &amp; put it on your fridge 
Teaching a child to read is magic. I’m not sure this is how you do it, but it’s definitely adorable. 
This morning at Starbucks I asked for a Tall Skinny Blonde and my barista said, “That’s not a real drink, but I see what you did there.”
Congratulations  on a beautiful performance and a beautiful speech. 
It's been a great night so far. Congrats to Transparent.  you're wonderful. 
Congrats to the  for a big win and the  for playing an incredible game.
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? It couldn't get a date. 
What does Thor wear under his shorts? Thunderpants. 
Why did  go to the aquarium? She's all about that bass. I think you need to hear me tell this one. 
That was so much fun. You really know your way around a talk show  Truly had good fun with ellen!!  
. gave me the flu, y'all. 
Happy birthday to my cousin Kate Middleton, or as she’s known now, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge! Love, Ellen, Grand Mistress of Twitter
My neighbor,  on the show tomorrow. Perhaps you’ve heard of her. 
Happy  
Jennifer Love Hewitt  is expecting another baby! Congratulations. I guess I know what you did last summer.
. &amp; I had a wonderful time at the  Speaking of choosin people, I chose a great one 
My heart is with the city of Paris. 
I won a People’s Choice Award! Thank you to the Peoples. This is democracy at it’s best.
On my way to the People’s Choice Awards!  &amp;  are hosting. I wouldn’t miss it! Also, I hear they have gift bags.
Did y’all see "American Sniper"? What a powerful movie. Bradley Cooper isn’t too hard on the eyes, either.
Benedict Cumberbatch is gonna be a dad! I already thought of some names- Englebert, Harpsichord, Glockenspiel or Carl.
Happy  
Happy birthday,  You changed the game.
I don’t know about merry, but it definitely does go round. 
Coachella tickets are on sale! I can’t believe ACDC will be there this year. Does this mean I’ll be able to charge my phone?
Hey  great performance today! Look! Your song is in this  ad. 
I asked my staff about their New Year’s resolutions, but I only had time for Ari. Sorry. 
Happy birthday, Kate McKinnon! You’re lovely and hilarious. You’re hilovelious.
I loved all the holiday festivities, but I’m glad to get back to real life &amp; the things that are really important –my birthday’s in 20 days.
I’m so glad you dropped by and didn’t take the midnight train goin' anywhere.  Going to  I can’t wait!
Happy birthday, Eddie Redmayne! I think this is gonna be a wonderful year for you. And not just because you’re starting it on my show.
Bradley Cooper spent his birthday in his birthday suit. Good thing he held those pants up or we'd see his…mini Cooper 
Florida is officially the 36th state to welcome gay marriage. Time to propose! You’ve already had hanging chads. Don’t leave Chad hanging.
I already know who the farmer winds up with. Adele. Think about it. You’ll get it. 
The countdown is on –3 weeks until my furniture design competition show premieres! January 26th on  Holy ottomans! 
Happy birthday,  I wanted to get you something special, so I'm in front of your house right now! Don’t worry. I’m just keaton.
This week,  will be on my show! YOU get to see Oprah. And YOU get to see Oprah. EVERYBODY GETS TO SEE OPRAH!
You're pretty brave for someone who likes to do naked pilates.  I got you back! Just watch.

Happy BDay Bradley Cooper! Hope it's as fun as last year’s  Vegas, Tyson, a baby –you know what? Sorry, I’m thinking of Portia’s birthday.
My wife is wearing my underwear.  
Congratulations  and Tricia! This video is adorable. 
. said I could watch her do her  workout. She didn't say anything about filming &amp; tweeting it 
Happy  
Happy  
Happy 2015! If 2014 was the year of the selfie, 2015 is gonna be the year of baby goats on Instagram. I’m calling it early.
Happy New Year! I’m celebrating early in case I fall asleep. And by “in case,” I mean I already put on my pajamas and took an Ambien.
Happy  
1 of you is winning every single prize from 12 Days just by watching my show! “Tell me more,” you say? Right here. 
Happy birthday to my friend &amp; Executive Producer,  I got you something special that I know you’ll love… a mention on Twitter.
Here's my view right now.  you should send me a picture of your view right now😏 
What’s adorable, blonde and hangs on your door for the holidays?  Wreath Witherspoon.  
What do you get if you cross an iPad with a Christmas tree? A pineapple.  
Why did the snow miss the holiday party? They were a bunch of flakes. 
It’s the time of year we celebrate the birth of a beautiful man with long flowing hair and big ideas. Happy birthday 
Happy Boxing Day! Portia got up early and put everything in boxes. Hilarious. She even hired a truck. You know what... I think we're moving.
I want 1 Twitter, Facebook or Instagram friend to have an extra Merry Christmas, so I saved 1 of every 12 Days gift! 
Happy  
Merry Christmas, everyone! I hope your day is filled with warmth and love. Now stop reading tweets in the pantry and go be with your family.
Happy  
Merry Christmas Eve! Wishing you all a beautiful and wonderful holiday, from our family to yours.
Happy Holidays! I'm sending everyone on my staff to the  I don't know how our office email works, so this will have to do.
There's still time to upload a video to ellentube this month and instantly be entered to win every 12 Days prize! Seriously. All of them.
This is so sweet. His person has been gone for 20 seconds. 
Surprise! It's a 12 Days bonus day! Because I love you. And because I've never been great at counting. Who wants it? 
Happy birthday  Every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top.
Sending lots of love to my friend  Not just because it’s your birthday. Also because you’re wonderful.
I got to take another selfie with Meryl. You can’t see her very well in my Oscar selfie. This went much better. 
. and  had a girl! Delta- you're hilariously wonderful on your mom's side and wonderfully hilarious on your dad's.
Why do optometrists have long lives? Because they dilate. 
What do you drink at the library? Tequila Mockingbird. 
Happy  
What did Santa say when Mrs. Claus asked about the weather? It looks like reindeer. 
It’s the last day of my 12 Days of Giveaways! That means it’s yer last chance to win all of today’s prizes on Twitter 
Haapy Birthdaay Jake Gyllenhaal!
I got calls from Conan’s audience saying he had “no gifts” and they felt “sad and unloved,” so I set things right. 
Elton John is marrying his longtime partner David Furnish! I'm so happy for them. So far they haven't registered at Kohls. I'll keep checkin
Here’s a video  of when I had Ellie Kemper work as a mall gift wrapper. They still have her photo up in security. 
My friend, the star of “Mom” and Ninja Warrior champion  is here today. There's nothing she can't do.
You could win every single prize from Day 11 of 12 Days right here! And it’s a lot better than pipers piping. 
Big news. If you love Heads Up!, I think you're gonna love my new game, Heads Up! Pictures! It's in the  
Happy   
I’m in a slot machine! Not actually. Though I did get my hand stuck once. I have 2 new games! Find the nearest 1 here 
. and I partnered to ask people to make a video of surprising someone with a gift. This one is so sweet. 
Jacqui took her loss and turned it into something to help others. I can’t imagine anything more beautiful. 
Happy  
I love what your son said about my show,  I think your show is great. I mean, I see what he’s saying, but still – great stuff.
Someone reading this tweet is going to win all of today's prizes from 12 Days. Gosh, I hope it's you. 
Happy birthday  Thanks for guiding people towards acceptance &amp; love. I hope you have a wonderful day with a wonderful birthday hat
That was absolutely amazing.  you are incredible. 
 The more you play the more we give  Play   unlock more fun in store 
These twins met Santa for the first time. You can really see their resemblance. 
I’m giving away all the prizes from Day 9 to someone reading this tweet right now. Like you!  
It's the first night of Hanukkah! I love any celebration that brings people together in kindness and joy. Also, I can't resist a good latke.
One photo, two icons, four buns of steel. Don't miss tomorrow! 
Nothing like a tiny snowman to melt your heart. 
Jeannie's at the Westfield UTC mall in San Diego right now to surprise some shoppers. Get over there and be surprised.
For anyone struggling to stay positive, I hope you'll watch. Julie is an inspiration. So is her hero, Chase Utley. 
Happy holidays from me and my cousins to you and yours. 
It’s the 8th day of the 12 Days of Giveaways! Check out the amazing prizes, and enter to win.  
. had a kid! Kongratulations!
. wore a sensible outfit on my show. And it’s a good thing, 'cause I just about scared the pants off her. 
I love when two become onesies.  
Happy birthday to my favorite pizza delivery guy, Edgar! I hope you get great gifts, and that they get there in 30 minutes or less.
Happy birthday,  You keep cruuuuisin’, can’t stop won’t stop moooovin’.
How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing. It was on the house.  
This year, my 12 Days of Giveaways is brought to you by Visa Checkout!  is a great partner. I’m glad they got their check out.
Which reindeer is the best at football? Blitzen. 
Watch my backstage selfie cam in the Ellen app today and see if you can catch Kutcher!  
Every day, a Twitter follower is gonna win the gifts on my show. You’re gonna love what my audience won today! 
What's Santa's favorite metal band? Sleigher 
I love this video that was sent into ellentube. They both got iPads. One missed the memo. 
I’ve said it before and I will say it again - Slovakia has the best frozen lakes. 
Thank you to everyone who showed up at  for our live shot with  You were amazing!  
You’re welcome any time. Until then, I’ll see you at the strip club.  I had such a good time on Ellen. She is amazing!
Happy  
These two are on my show today for a rematch. You can see the competitive fire in their eyes   
It’s Day 6 and you could win all of the prizes! So long as this person doesn’t get in your way  
Jennifer Aniston is nominated for a Golden Globe for her performance in “Cake”! I told you it was great. I can’t wait for the sequel - “Pie”
This year there are more ways to win prizes from the 12 Days of Giveaways than ever! I hope you’re trying them all. 
I love surprising people with gifts. If you surprise someone with a gift, send me the video on  
The crowd at  is unbelievable. We're about to start the show! This is gonna be so much fun.
Happy  
It’s on,  Get to the Hurley Admin Building right now. I’m watching you live from Burbank!
It’s Day 5 of 12 Days. We’re almost halfway through. Have you won yet?  
Hey  my viewers are my greatest gift, so come wrapped as a present. If you're present looking like a present, you might win a present.
Okay  — get to the clock tower on campus by 4pm today and you could be on my show!
Orlando Bloom showed off a lot of bad behavior in this round of Heads Up! Not that I’m complaining. 
Good morning, Kevin. See you later today.  Good morning world.....
If you're near the University of North Texas, you're gonna have the chance to be on my show today, right there in Denton. Seriously.
Post a pic of your pet &amp; tag it   will feed a shelter pet. Here’s mine. 
Guess who won great prizes on Day 4 of 12 Days? My audience, that’s who. And so could you!  
Hey University of North Texas - my show's coming to Denton tomorrow. That’s right. Denton. You don’t want to miss this.
He might need a few more years before he’s ready to guide the sleigh. 
Ho Ho Ho.    No. No. No. 
Amy Poehler’s book is in my  Book Bar! Sign up &amp; give the gift of reading more than 140 characters. 
It's the last day you can bid on my  Bengals jersey signed by more stars than you can throw a football at 
On the 3rd day of 12 Days, my favorite talk show host gave to me — Lots of big prizes, like a TCL Roku TV. 
Happy birthday  I hope you take this day for yourself &amp; let nothing stop you. No ifs, ands, or well you see where this is going.
Howdy, Tweeters. Wednesday, something’s going down in Dallas. I hope y’all are gonna be free to be there! More news coming soon.
At  gospel brunch to celebrate her amazing film "Selma" 
Happy birthday,  You’re always OK in my book. That’s how I wrote your name in my Rolodex.
Happy  
What kind of motorcycle does Santa ride? A Holly Davidson. 
I’m excited to be partnering with  I love what they do to help people read good.  
It’s Day 2 of 12 Days! There are some great prizes on my show today - Check them all out and then enter to win! 
Congrats to my friends who got nominated for a Grammy! I love you equally. Except anyone who mentions me in their speech. You’re my favorite
What do elves drive? Toy Yodas. 
Happy  
If you're people &amp; you like choosing, I've got great news - It's the last day to vote for the People's Choice Awards! 
Julie Patel is inspiring. She wanted school supplies for her students. Thanks to my partner  she got them 
 is tonight at 8 on NBC. I'M FLYING! Sorry, I mixed my 5-hour Energy with my afternoon martini.
. told me about his movie “Foxcatcher.” You’re not going to believe how good this performance is. 
It’s the first day of the 12 Days of Giveaways!  One of you is winning all of today's prizes! 
Stephen Hawking thinks artificial intelligence could be our downfall. I disagree, but I’m just the robot that tweets for Ellen DeGeneres.
This year there are more ways than ever to win prizes from 12 Days. You can try them all. I’m rootin’ for ya! 
Lookin’ good!   The amount of smiles and joy she brings to the world is amazing.  
Happy  
Congratulations to  &amp; his wife Nancy! They had a baby girl named Frances! Unless this is an elaborate round of “Box of Lies.”
Jennifer Aniston is brilliant in this movie. Check out the trailer or, as I’m calling it, a piece of cake. 
Grab your sisters and your hairspray and your matching sweaters. The 12 Days of Giveaways start tomorrow. 
The incredible  did this amazing performance with his band  . Did you miss it? 
. is gonna play the Joker in Suicide Squad! I hope this doesn’t mean he has to cut his hair.
. told me about her new baby with  Finally. 
Dance dares are back, people. 

It’s December! Which means anyone who posts a video to  will be automatically entered to win all 12 Days of Giveaways.
If you haven’t seen the Kloons and their hilarious videos, you need to right now. 
Celebrate  by finding something you care about and giving back- whether it’s your time or your talent, you’ll be glad you did.
Happy birthday,  Oops, I did it again.
Happy birthday, 
Happy Birthday to  mom! I wanna try your vegan food truck. Let me know if you ever swing by Burbank. 
My rain dance worked! I’ve been hula hooping in a grass skirt on my lawn every night since March.
The only thing better than  performing “Everlong"  is winning tix to see them live. 
I believe the children are our future. That's why I'm glad  was in this episode of Laugh Lessons. 
For the 1st time on Apple, my app Heads Up! is FREE to help  fight AIDS.    
. is an incredible performer, and an incredible person. 
This morning I had so many emails about Cyber Monday deals, I was late to work. Even Mama sent me a 2-for-1 deal on her fruitcake.
Happy birthday, Kaley Cuoco Sweeting. I hope you have a wonderful year, &amp; at some point, learn what seals sound like. 
Happy birthday to the always-hilarious  I think of you every time Portia opens her metal briefcase.
Why did the cranberry flirt with the pecans and the pumpkins? He was a little tart. 
What do you call a short video from yesterday that keeps repeating? ThanksGIFing. 
What did the snow say to the falling leaf? You are so last season. 
If you’re home watching my show-ku. You could win a TCL Roku. 
Here's my Black Friday tip- coat yourself in olive oil to slip through the crowds. Or, stay home &amp; get 30% off in the 
 Happy Thanksgiving! 
I'm so stuffed I feel like a bunch of people in matching outfits should be parading me down Fifth Avenue.
Someone came over and said they baked a sweet potato pie. It's a yam pie. Have I taught you people nothing?
Happy  
One thing I'm always thankful for is you. That's why I'm giving one of you a trip to 12 Days. Happy Thanksgiving! 
Someone has a lot to be thankful for. 
Noah Ritter and Tre Hart tested my toys from  I always leave my toy testing to the pros.  
Happy  
I got my hands on a new and very real “50 Shades of Grey” trailer. This is totally, totally real. 
Wonderful news - Meryl Streep has been awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom! I guess they ran out of Oscars.
I invented something called the Adjust-A-Bust. Apparently Jen Aniston is my first celebrity client. 
This holiday season I’ll be thinking of the wonderful people at  You can show them your support, too. 
Just when I think I couldn't love you more.     I love heads up. I play it everywhere on the road.
Adria thought she was here to film something for a show promo. There was no promo. Just a new Ford  
Starting today, watching my show could win you a TCL Roku TV. How are you at writing haiku? 
GOAL! 
Thanks for being here! Thought I’d give you a hollaback  Don’t miss me &amp;  on  today! 
My app, Heads Up! has gone (RED)! I’m proud to be partnering with the  and  to fight AIDS.  
Happy birthday to my friend, the wonderful  Happy birthday to you. And many many many more.
This is Wolf's outfit (he was feeling jealous, so I had to tweet it). 
Our niece, Eva made a drawing. It's  performing on my show. She's clearly a genius. 
Our dog, Auggie, is wearing a hoodie. I don’t even know who we are anymore. 
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of his closet? SUPPLIES! 
. gave the most incredible, amazing performance. Times like these make me very happy I have my own show. 
I was so inspired by John David Glaude’s bravery. So were my friends at Ford.  
I asked  if he gave  1,989 roses.  
What do you get when you’re friends with a turtle on Facebook? A slowpoke. 
You don’t wanna miss this dance that  did for my backstage camera on my Ellen app  
. helped me shoot an infomercial. She had no idea what the product was. Several people called to order. 
